"Black Widow is just the right amount of hot." "In other words, Natasha Warm Enough."
"What did pilot in 1943 say when drop the bomb" Dam
"How many cannibals does it take to screw in one light bulb?" "I have no clue but you really shouldn't be in the dark with cannibals."
"What is an orange pith?" "It's what you get when you drink too much orange jooth."
"I scored extremely well on my socialist exam last week." "I got top Marx."
"Two lesbian vampires had a date" "After the date, one of them said, 

“Same time next month?”"
"Mommy told me that LGBT happens because the person is a victim of child domestic violence, childhood trauma, and mental health illness." " No wonder I'm pan mom! I qualify for them all."
"I wrote a song about ""sitting on the toilet for a pee, but while I'm here, I might as well have a poo""" "That one got to number two."
"Jesus loves you" "might not what you want to hear in a Mexican prison."
"What’s a feminists favourite vegetable?" Mangetout
"What's the difference between a enzyme and a hormone?" "You can't make a enzyme..."
"What do You Call Tortilla Chips With Guns?" "Loaded Nachos"
"It was the first session of a packed literary festival." "As was his wont, one particular writer hogged the mic and was refusing to let go.

A seasoned festival-attendee, who had borne the torture of said writer nobly over several festivals, had come prepared this time: with a dozen rotten eggs.

When the writer took a deep breath to launch into his next reading, the egg-man let one fly.

The egg found its target. But only just. It grazed the writer's head. The writer continued undaunted.

As the egg-man picked up his next egg, he found a hand restraining him gently.

It was his neighbour, an older, wiser festival veteran.

'Easy,' he said. 'Don't be in such a hurry.'

'Why?' said the egg-man. 'What's the problem?'

'Ah, son,' said the neighbour. 'Haven't you heard the saying ""Don't put all your eggs on one bastard""?'"
"My mate left his wife" "My best mate found out last week that he couldn't give his wife children.He left her in the middle of the night .

I went to see his wife today, I held her in my arms, comforting her, both of us crying.

""He didn't even leave a note."" She sobbed.""He wanted to, but couldn't."" I wailed back.

""Why not?"" She sniffed.

""He had no lead in his pencil."" I replied."
"How do you get pikachu on a bus?" Pokemon
"What did Jon Bon Jovi do when his swimwear froze?" "He made it icewear."
"The girlfriend keeps moaning that there's not enough room in the wardrobe." "She needs to shut the fuck up, the wife might discover her."
"When my dentist reminded me about my husband’s sensitive gag reflex, we laughed and laughed and laughed about it for a while, but then it hit me...." "We have different dentists..."
"Q. Why won't Ex Machina still be a popular movie in twenty years?" "A. The robots wont let us watch it."
"The definition of stupidity is When you have a Land Rover, a Land Cruiser...." "But still have a Landlord....."
"The surgeon's first circumcision was tricky." "Eventually, the surgeon managed to pull it off."
"What did the Pokemon say after having too much sex with multiple partners?" "STDs, gotta catch em all!"
"You know whose down to earth?" Skydivers
"What do they call Pringles in Spain?" Pr*español*
"""Dad, I want to see the elephants...""" """I am sorry honey, it is late, go to sleep""  
""Dad, I WANT to see the elephants""
""Elephants are already asleep, it is dark outside, go to sleep like them""
""I will go to sleep as soon as I see the elephants!""
""Sight...alright...""
*Reaches for a phone*
""Yes...baracks? This is base commander, do chemical attack drill on dorm 4 immediatelly."""
"Who is the most suspicious figure in the Bible?" JeSUS.
"What do you all the smart people in the US?" "



Tourists."
"Comrade Stalin is giving a speech..." "Inspired by the recent post by /u/JTRuno:

Comrade Stalin is giving a speech to a packed house when someone in the crowd - a factory worker named Boris - sneezes.

Stalin stops. He sets down his notes and asks ""who sneezed?"".

Silence. You could hear a pin drop.

""I ask again; who sneezed?""

In the fifth row Boris starts to sweat.

""Last chance...""

Boris is sweating bullets.

Stalin is visibly annoyed. ""Very well. Commissars, take the first row out and shoot them.""

Political officers draw their pistols and take the first row of the auditorium at gunpoint. A volley of gunshots is heard a moment later.

Stalin turns back to the crowd who are stunned but too terrified to say anything.

""Well? Who sneezed?""

Boris is trembling in his seat.

""Alright then! Commisars, get the second row-""

Boris finally musters up the courage, springs to his feet, and raises his hand.

""It was me, Comrade Stalin! I was the one who sneezed!""

Stalin locks his cold eyes on Boris. The whole crowd is waiting in terror for his next words. Boris is trying his best not to soil himself.

After a long pause Stalin leans forward and says ""Bless you""."
"A gynecologist is driving along one day..." "...when his car starts spluttering. He takes it to a nearby mechanic who proceeds to spend 15 minutes under the hood finds and fixes the problem and proceeds to declare that the car is good to go. After receiving the bill the gynecologist is appalled, the mechanic makes far far far more money that he does. It was only 15 minutes of work! He decides that he has had enough and it was time to switch fields. The gynecologist decides that he would rather be a mechanic 

So he starts studying and soon finds himself apprenticing at a local work shop. The day comes when he will receive his final test before his qualification as a mechanic. The test is to completely strip down and rebuild an entire engine. 

So the gynecology turned mechanic gets to work and meticulously takes it apart, inspects all the pieces, cleans and refurbished what was needed and reassembled the engine into a crystal clean example of mechanical beauty. The mechanic supervising the test comes over and announces that not only does our doctor get full marks for an outstanding rebuild of the engine. He actually gets double the maximum points because of the unique method used. Seeing the surprise on the new mechanics face he explains ''You deserve a lot of extra points because never before had I seen somebody do a complete teardown and rebuild while only working through the exhaust manifold''"
"Saint Peter sat guarding the gates of heaven..." "The Devil stood hidden outside the gates, peering in. “Quickly” he said to his minion, “Get this disguise on me!”

The minion covered him in the skin of a poor lost soul from Hell. 

It was the fourth time in two weeks the Devil had tried to sneak through the gates into Heaven. 

Saint Peter had thwarted each attempt by catching the Devil out with a clever test. 

The Devil, dressed in his brilliant disguise, walked into the foyer whistling casually. 

St Peter looked up from his notes, “Hello my friend, welcome to the gates of Heaven. You will need to pass a word association test to enter. This will ensure your soul is pure enough to pass through. 

The Devil frowned, this was new. 

“Sounds wonderful,” The Devil said, feigning a smile. 

St Peter nodded, “Please say the first thing that comes to your head.” He looked down at his list and said, 

“Amazing....”

“.....Grace,” The Devil answered confidently. 

“Daily....” St Peter fired back. 

“......Bread” 

“Doggy.....” St Peter stated, with a raised eyebrow.

“.....Kitty.” The Devil answered, through gritted teeth.

“Blow.....”

“......a bubble.” The Devil was sweating now. 

St Peter smiled, “You are worthy. You may continue through.”

He graciously stepped aside, and the Devil, in his disguise, excitedly strolled past. 

He was almost at the gates when St Peter called out over his shoulder, 

“Two girls.....”

“......One cup.” The Devil automatically replied, before smacking his head, “So fucking close!”"
"Best salesman award goes to..." "It was a contest at an international forum. The finalist took up the challenge upon himself and announced, I can sell a refrigerator to an Eskimo. Soon he proved himself and tech support started getting calls; how to cut the ice cubes to make them fit exactly into the tray.

Jury was happy but still doubting. Told him to take up a bigger challenge. Then he announced, I can put drinking water into plastic bottle and sell it...!! Everyone laughed at him, but... that's how it all started.

Due credit: A old joke somewhere I read."
"A horny old cougar is getting help with her groceries by a strapping young bagboy." "A horny old cougar is getting help with her groceries by a strapping young bagboy. 
As he's pushing the cart through the parking lot, she rubs up against him and says
""I've got an itchy pussy...""
The guy doesn't say anything and just keeps pushing the cart.
She rubs up on him again and repeats herself
""I've got an itchy pussy...""
Still no response so she does it one more time and the guy says
""Look lady, you're going to have to point it out cuz I can't tell one Japanese car from the next."""
"A priest, a rabbit, and a bishop go to donate blood..." "The nurse: What is your blood type?
The rabbit: I’m probably a Type-O."
"How do you call a woman who makes life hell for doctors in the ICU?" "Intensive Karen."
"What do you call an IT teacher who touches his students?" "Idk, but this is a repost"
"Toughest subject for a biologist" "Hands down it is maths. When cells multiply, they get added up with additional cells; but to understand that, you need to know how cells divides."
"As a good looking man I find the easiest way to not offend ugly women is to say that I am gay" "Of course I cannot use the same excuse on gay men. Unless its Nigel because he is cute."
"What did the digimon say after too much sex?" "Aww, goo mon"
"A Dude at a women's house was checking the spray valve of the sink..He was a plumber" "The girl was standing beside her and was talking on phone when she noticed a buldge on his jeans...she wanted to have sex with him on instant 

She : hey sir how is it going?

he : (after checking the valve) you just gonna need a new spray valve then it should work properly 

she:  (in a horny way )Were my pipes dirty? 

he: i dont know..i just checked the spray valve...

She : could u clean my pipes?

he : ( after thinking ) NO, i just checked your spray valve

she: Do u want to clean my pipes?

he : Do You want me to clean your pipes?

she : maybe

he: Ok, Just lemme know if u do

she: I bet i can handle a pretty Big Pipe

he: You mean a 2? I dont know yours is probably built for 1.5 and thats what you currently have...If u want to have a 2 i gonna have to rip everything and that can cost you 2 - 3 grand

she: Ohhh i dont have that much money

He: Yeah well it does make sense coz i dont have either

she: Maybe if i can figure out another form of payment?

He: You mean like a cheque? Yeah thats fine

she: No, i mean like if u take care of my pipe i take of your pipe 

He : (THINKING A BIT FOR AN ANSWER)mam i do my OWN PLUMBING"
"What do you call it when distance is being mischievous...?" Knaughty
"If i had nickel for every time a woman thought i was ugly" "They would find me atractive"
"What do you call the fear of public toilets?" "Common sense."
"What do Puff Daddy and Pepe Le Pew have in common?" "Can't stop, won't stop."
"Karma and the monk." "
PART 1: THE PARTY

A wealthy but stingy father was preparing a birthday party for his 18 year old daughter. He wanted the party to be extravagant, but wanted to spend as little money as possible. He had finished all of the other decorations, and he was left to work on the cake.

""Why not get it ordered from an upscale bakery?"" his wife said.

So the father visited a ton of different bakeries and did research, but found the prices to be too high.

My daughter is inviting all of her friends, and I'll look bad if I don't put together a good cake, he thought. Then, he stumbled upon a shop that opened once a year to provide free cake to its customers.

How quaint, the father thought, but desperate, he walked inside to see if they could provide a cake for his daughter's birthday.

He was met by a Buddhist monk chanting and lighting incense.

""Hello,"" the father asked, ""I would like to buy a cake.""

""Of course,"" the monk replied, ""just draw a picture of the cake you would like on the notepad on the desk.""

The father thought this to be weird, but wanting to save as much money as possible, he gave him the address and told him to come in the backdoor, just in case the cake was bad.

The day of the party arrived and the monk visited the house with the most extravagant cake the family had ever seen. All of the guests were in awe, and whispered to each other about how much the cake could have cost.

The monk became the guest of honor and at the end of the party, the father approached the monk and asked,

""Why do you do this for free? You should take money for your services!""

The monk smiled and said, ""I do this for free because a cake day is the best way to earn karma.""

PART 2: For the horny Redditors. 

At the party, impressed by both the monk's cooking skills, along with his manners and good looks, that she approached the monk, hoping to develop a friendship with him. They were quick to develop chemistry, and the girl's feelings evolved into love for the monk, who was close to her age.

One day, the girl was dying to know if her feelings would be reciprocated, so she invited the monk over to her house.

When he reached there, he was met by a beautiful woman in equally beautiful lingerie, and the girl professed her undying love for the monk.

""I know you're probably a virgin, and that having sex is against your religion, so I understand if you don't feel the same,"" she said.

Knowing that the monk would never give up the chance at Nirvana to be with her, she looked crestfallen until the monk took her to her bed and said,

""I've lived my life a horny virgin. I love you, but losing my virginity means I'm going to have to lose an essential part of myself.""

""You don't mean you'll give up being a monk for me?"" she said.

""What?"" the monk asked, very surprised.

""No, now that I'm no longer a horny virgin, I have to delete my Reddit account.""

PART 3: The Monk Goes Home


The monk enjoyed the remainder of his time with the family, and he too had fallen in love with her. With a heavy heart, he promised to return and went home to resume his prayers.

When he reached his monastery, he was greeted by he Abbot, who said,

""Ah, my son. Come inside. How was your trip?""

The monk replied, ""I was able to help a family for their daughter's birthday by baking them a splendid cake.

""Wonderful!"" the Abbot exclaimed.

But a couple of weeks passed by and the monk felt more and more guilty about having sex with his love.

One day, he went to the Abbot to tell him of his deed, hoping to find forgiveness for his sin.

""Abbot, I need to confess to you. When I was gone, I slept with a girl and broke my vow of celibacy.""

The monk tried to circle back, saying, ""I did pleasure the girl, so should that earn me karma?""

The Abbot was silent and the monk bowed his head in shame, waiting for a scolding.

The Abbot, in his eternal wiseness, softly asked, ""Did you only sleep with the girl for karma?""

He spoke, ""I hope you didn't, cause not everyone likes a karmawhore.

Full credit to u/Cool_Chemix who came up with this gem."
"What's a treatment for viagra overdose and also a software company?" Ubisoft.
"The way to man's heart is through his stomach" "Only when you start from his dick"
"What do you call a snake from Mexico?" Hisspanic
"A radio host asks his listeners for song requests." "A 90 year old woman calls in and says:

""Can you play 2 lips and 7 kisses?""

To mess with the old women he replies:

""I'm sorry I don't have that, but I do have 2 balls and 7 inches""

Confused, the woman asks back:

""Is that a record?""

To which the man replies:

""No, but it's above average"""
"(no offense) why do bisexuales go to jail (no offense)" "because the commit homocide (no offense)"
"Why did Tigger look in the toilet?" "To look for Pooh."
"What has 2 butts and kill people?" "An ass-ass-in"
"Did you know Helen Keller went skydiving?" "Neither did she."
"The Inventor of the Cassette Tape Died This Week..." "But his memory will never be erased.

It will get a bit fuzzy over time though."
"What do jokesters eat for breakfast?" Pun-cakes
"After sex with my new girlfriend last night she snuggled up next to me and said, ""You are definitely the biggest I've ever had.""" "Apparently ""ditto"" wasn't the correct response."
"100 Bricks" "Agency: "" Sir, we found 3 candidates as per your requirements. How do you want their placements, sir?""

MD: ""Put about 100 bricks in a closed room. Then send the candidates into the room and close the door, leave them alone and come back after a few hours and analyse the situation:

1. If they are counting the bricks, put them in Accounts department.

2. If they are recounting the bricks, put them in Auditing.

3. If they messed up the whole room with the bricks, put them in Engineering.

4. If they are arranging the bricks in some strange order, put them in Planning.

5. If they are throwing the bricks at each other, put them in Operations.

6. If they are sleeping, put them in Security.

7. If they broke the bricks into pieces, put them in Information Technology.

8. If they are sitting idle, put them in Human Resources.

9. If they say they have tried different combinations yet not a single brick has been moved, put them in Sales.

10. If they have already left for the day, Put them in Marketing.

11. If they are staring out of the window, put them in Strategic Planning. And...

12. If they are talking to each other and not a single brick has been touched, Congratulate them and put them in Top Management."
"So I took one of those Online Asperger's Spectrum tests today." "Turns out I am just an asshole."
"So a horse walks into a bar..." "The bartender goes ""why the long face?""

Then the horse goes ""Jim what the fuck we've been over this""

*I'm way too proud of that joke*"
"What did the mathematician do for constipation?" "He worked it out with a pencil."
"What did the Pokemon say after having too much sex?" "No pp left for this move."
"Davy: ""Johnny, aren't you coming out to play today?""" "Johnny: ""No, I have to stay in and help my father with my homework."""
"I got fired at my work for ""Sexually molesting"" someone." "I mean she's already naked and attractive. I just slept with her that's all.

Yet my boss fired me.

God I miss working at the morgue"
"I was shaking as I was driving down to hell" "Just to park in sins"
"Scientists conducted a survey to find the number one reason that vegans went back to eating meat." "They said it was miss steaks."
"How my sister thinks her being obese is helpful to her" "Her answer: "" if I get kidnapped the l kidnapper can pick me up and feed me enough food"""
"A joke I found reading a Batman comic" "Why do they have gates at a grave yard? It’d not like people are dying to get inside"
"A joke I heard on South Park today" "When the Milk Man brought the lady her milk, she invited him in  and then stripped off all her clothes.  Standing there naked, she told the Milk Man to take the milk and fill the bathtub with it.  The Milk Man asked the woman ""Do you want it pasteurized?""  ""No"", the lady said, ""just up to my boobs."""
"GastroEsophageal Reflux Disease was first identified by Dr Irma Winklestein" IrmaGERD
"Biden and Trump are at the same barber shop" "Biden and Trump are at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each one being worked on by a different barber, not one word was spoken. When the barbers finished shaving, the barber that had Trump reached for the aftershave. Trump quickly stopped him saying: “No thanks, Melanie will smell that and think I’ve been in a brothel.” The second barber turned to Biden and said, “How about you, Mr. Biden?” Joe replied, “ Go ahead, Jill doesn’t know what the inside of a brothel smells like.”"
"I invented this joke right now" "This is what it looks like when people don't repost."
"I tried to catch fog yesterday." Mist.
"Why do cows wear bells?" "Because their horns don't work."
"What’s the difference between a plumber and a pusher?" "One reveals his crack while fixing your pipe. The other deals the crack you smoke in your pipe."
"I wasn't going to visit my family this Easter, but my mom promised to make me Eggs Benedict." "So I'm going home for the hollandaise."
"I slammed my hand in the door at the car rentals" "It Hertz..."
"My cat is a dictator" "A real Meow See ongue"
"My girlfriend asked me to buy her polish remover" "I didnt know which one is the best, so i called my german friend"
"my nagging wife died suddenly on a trip in Jeruselum" "Funeral director: ""Sir, it would cost about $45,000 if we send her home back to the states or $500 if we bury her here in Jerusalem""

Me: ""ship her home""

Funeral director: ""But sir, why don't you bury her here in the Holy Land and you can save money""

Me: ""A long time ago a man was buried here and 3 days later he rose from the dead, I can't take that chance"""
"Did you hear about the racist chemist?" "He joined the Potassium Potassium Potassium"
"OMG! The waiter just sneezed on my toast!" "I can't believe it! Snot butter!"
"Why is donald trump always on the bottom during sex?" "Because he only fucks things up"
"What is the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?" "One's a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean."
Politicians? "More like Polliticians"
"Matthew McConaughey considering a run for Texas Governor." "He's planning to run on an alt-right, alt-right, alt-right platform."
"What do you call a group of sailors that eat turnovers?" Pie-rates
"Whats 3/4ths of 2020?" Covid-19.
"The body positivity movement has become increasingly popular these days, which is ironic because" #MOVEMENT
"What did Venusaur say after too much sex?" "PvvvvVenusaur! (Ofc)"
"I'm in a bad place right now.." 
"Father and son Time" [deleted]
"Are you scared your house is haunted....." "Just drink spirits to show them who's boss"
"I wish I knew my father’s blood type as he lay there bleeding out." [deleted]
"What is Minnie Mouse’s proper name?" mice
"The doctor gave me 2 years to live so I killed him" "...the judge gave me 15 years in prison"
"I just found out that Christopher Walken and Stephen Hawking are related..." [deleted]
"Why was the computer late?" "Because it had a hard drive"
"Really happened" "My friend once totaled his faters car. He wasn't injured so He went home and told him:
-Dad I broke of the rearview mirror of your car.
-What??? How the fuck did that happened?
-Well... the car fell on it."
"A Masked man Walks Into a Store" "A masked man walks into a store. One of the customers, who got uneasy, asks the cashier who that person is. 

The cashier: ""Oh him, he's Phil. He comes in every Tuesday and robs us."""
"Which word starts with an A and ends with a Z? (idk if this is a repost, from my friend who doesn't have Reddit)" [deleted]
"Scotsman and a new restaurant" "A  Scotsman  and his wife walked past a swanky new restaurant.

""Did you smell that food?"" she asked. ""Wonderful!""

Being the 'kind-hearted Scotsman', he thought, ""What the hell, I'll treat her.""

... So they walked past it again."
"NSFW. Why does an orphan play Grand Theft Auto" "To be wanted"
"I heard the government was putting chips in people." "Well mine better be sour cream and onion."
"An Old Couple Sat Down To Eat Breakfast" "Wife: Honey, do you know what today is?

Husband: I believe it is our 50th wedding anniversary. 

Wife: Thats right. Do you remember what we were doing right now 50 years ago?

Husband: We were sitting at this very table, eating breakfast naked. 

Wife: Thats right. Want to do it again?

Husband: Sure. 

*both remove clothes and sit back down*

Wife: Honey, my breasts are as hot as they were 50 years ago. 

Husband: Yes they are, one is in your coffee and one is in your oatmeal."
"Ice Cube talking about why he doesn't want his girlfriend to role play as a cop." """When I said fuck the police, this isn't what I meant."""
"Did you hear about the LEGO truck that crashed on the highway?" "Authorities are still trying to piece everything together..."
"I'm in a bad place right now," 
"Which disease hypochondriacs are sure that they don't have?" Hypochondria
"So how do you submit an entire life?" 
"Pirate joke" [deleted]
"What Do you Call A Black Teenager That Smokes?" 
"Water is heavier than butane because..." "Butane is a lighter fluid."
"A man goes for a job" "Guy goes for a job on a construction site. 

Foreman asks: Can you drive a forklift 

The man responds: yes I can 

The foreman asks if he can make a cup of tea 

The man responds: how bigs your fucking cup"
"Paddy's wife bought a pair of crutch-less knickers." "In an attempt to spice up her and her hubby's sex life.

She put them on with a short skirt and sat on the sofa opposite her husband.

Every so often she would uncross her legs enough times till her husband noticed.

Husband: Are you wearing crotch-less panties.?

Her: Yes she answered seductively.

Husband: ""Thank fuck for that."" 

""I thought the stuffing was coming out of the sofa.""

Edit: Crotch-less."
"A man walks into a Psychiatrists office wrapped completely from neck to toe in nothing but plastic wrap..." "The Psychiatrist takes one look at him sighs and says, ""Well, I can see your nuts."""
"Why was the black bean an orphan?" "Because the soy bean decided to edamame."
"What did Putin say after being attacked by a long legged water fowl?" "Fuck Ukraine."
"What's the difference between a chihuahua and a soccer player?" "Soccer players have bigger balls."
"What do you call a really jealous German?" "A sour kraut"
"In a Dating Site profile: ""Looking for love and chemistry.""" "Doesn't quite have the same ring as: ""Looking for hookers and drugs."""
"What's the difference between Romeo &amp; Juliet and Covid?" "One is a Verona crisis. The other's a Corona virus."
"I used to be addicted to soap." "I'm clean now."
"What did the banana say to the vibrator?" [deleted]
"I took my father to the dentist." "My father is very old and frail, so he needs help when he leaves the house. The other day, I had to take him to the dentist. 

Due to Covid-19 protocols, every person who went into the building had to have a temperature check. There was a lady and her mother in front of us, and when checked, they both had a body temperature of exactly 92.3, which seemed cold to me. 

Because he had a doctoral degree, I decided to ask my father how cold was too cold for a body temperature.

He responded: ""Room"""
"The past, present and future walked into a bar" "It was tense."
"I called GameStop customer service today to ask them for advice." 
"I fart while I am asleep..." "I wanted to keep that a secret, but I blew my cover."
"So i was standing out in a field." [deleted]
"What do you call a self aware meatball?" "A meta-ball"
"What's the difference between Academia and Macadamia?" "Nothing, they're both nuts."
"3 people are having a conversation" [deleted]
"Parrot hooker NSFW" "An old John likes to buy a hooker on payday. Every second Thursday he walks down to the strip and picks one up and then he pops into the pet store to rent a female parrot for his parrot so they can both have some fun. One Thursday the pet store didn’t have any parrots left, but this old John didn’t have time to go to another pet store.
Old John: What kind of birds do you have then? I’ll take whatever I’m in a bit of a rush.
Pet store keeper: We only have an owl.
Old John: Whatever I’ll take it.
He runs home with his nightwalker throws the owl in the cage and throws the woman on the bed. 
Old John: Oooh baby, someone’s getting fucked good tonight.
Owl: Who Who
Parrot: Not you you flat faced fuck."
"A man sells his soul to the devil" "He’s down on his luck and needs money in the worst way. The devil appears to him and says I can give you all the money you need, just sell me your soul and your money problems will be gone. The devil even promised him not to take his soul for another ten years.

The man decides to make the deal, and the devil makes him sign his contract in his own blood. 10 years goes by and the devil appears and says your soul now belongs to me. The man said I’m bringing you to court over this contract, I think there’s a technicality and I’m no longer obligated to my end of the deal.

After appearing in court the man says to the judge there’s an issue with the signature that makes the contract null and void, there’s clearly a Type O."
"An old guy is at the doctor" [deleted]
"Why did the girl fall off the swing?" "Because she had no arms."
"A friend of mine has 2 tickets to the 2021 Super Bowl in Tampa, both box seats." [deleted]
"A cop pulls over a miner and asks “Whose car is this? Where are you headed? What do you do?”" “Mine.”
"I have 8 eyes, 2 mouths and 3 ears. What am I?" Ugly
"I used to cough to hide my fart." 
"Would it have been possible to avoid the disaster of Chernobyl?" "In theory yes, but those damn Swedes couldn't keep their mouth shut."
"I tried to warn my son about the dangers of Russian roulette..." "It went in one ear and out the other."
"I don’t understand how anyone can come second in a biathlon race?!" "... I mean... he’s got a gun...!?"
"The Lego store near my house just reopened after lockdown..." "People were lining up for blocks."
"My friends forced me into their orgy last night." "I succumbed to peer pleasure."
"My wife has run off with Rick Astley" "Not the Rick rolling I expected"
"A priest and a rabbi were sitting next to each other on an airplane. After a while, the priest turned to the rabbi and asked, ""Is it still a requirement of your faith that you not eat pork?""" "The rabbi responded, ""Yes, that is still one of our beliefs.""

The priest then asked, ""Have you ever eaten pork?""


To which the rabbi replied, ""Yes, on one occasion I did succumb to temptation and tasted a ham sandwich.""

The priest nodded in understanding and went on with his
reading.

A while later, the rabbi spoke up and asked the priest, ""Is it still a requirement of your church that you remain celibate?

The priest replied, ""Yes, that is still very much a part of our faith.""

The rabbi then asked him, ""Have you ever fallen to the
temptations of the flesh?""

The priest replied, ""Yes, rabbi, on one occasion I was weak and broke my faith and made love to a woman.""

The rabbi nodded understandingly and remained silent, thinking about five minutes.

Finally, the rabbi said, ""Beats a fucking ham sandwich, doesn't it?"""
"A Joke Towards Myself" "So this is about me but I feel like it would give you guy's a laugh.

Every time I have to use the restroom I say I have a war to attend. Yes I'm serious. It is me VS. the toilet and I don't always win the battle. It is truly a struggle and great war. If you can relate let me know. Most of you will probably just laugh lol."
"I asked my chemist about the element symbol of salt" [deleted]
"why did the bee cry?" "he was hive sick"
"what make honey and eats wood?" bee-ver
"What are your chances of being a Fat Boy when your born?" Slim
"They should merge MasterChef and the Great British bake off" "They could call it masterbaker"
"What's a good middle initial for your clone?" 
"Why couldn't the pepper do archery?" "Because he didnt habenero."
"It’s ok to laugh when someone falls and breaks a bone" "It’s usually pretty humerus"
"Women who marry Polish men get something long and hard on their wedding day." "A new last name."
"Thought of this joke in the shower..." "What do you get if you cross Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Sodium Xylenesulfonate, Sodium chloride, Magnesium Sulfate, Magnesium Carbonate Hydroxide, Ammonium Laureth Sulfate, Benzyl Alcohol, Water, Fragrance, Blue 1 and Red 4, DimethiconeCetyl Alcohol, Glycol Distearate, Zinc Carbonate, Cocamide MEA, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, and Pyrithione Zinc?

Head and Shoulders Dandruff Shampoo."
"Why do alcoholics make terrible lawyers?" "They never managed to pass the bar"
"“I swear she was 18”" "18 Months"
"A 10 year old protestant boy and a 10 year old catholic girl are standing on a river bank." "The girl says, ""my mom will be really angry if my shoes get wet""
And so they both agree to remove their shoes prior to entering the water.

They wade into the water and it starts getting deeper. The boy ""says well my mom will hate me if I ruin my new pants""
And so they remove their pants.

Once they finally ensure that all their cloths will not be getting wet... they take a good look at each other.

""Strange"", the girl says, ""I didn't think protestants and catholics are THAT different!"""
"What does one boob say to other boob?" "Boobs don't talk. use common sense!   ヽ( ´¬`)ノ"
"I don't mind the mole on my head anymore" "its growing on me"
"Okay class, use the word 'CONTAGIOUS' in a sentence" "Sally puts up her hand and says ""We have to wear masks because coronavirus is very contagious.""  
""Very good"" says the teacher.  
Katy puts up his hand and says ""When I had the flu I stayed home from school because I could be contagious.""  
""That's right"" replies teacher.  


Johnny puts up his hand and says ""Yesterday my dad was sipping a bottle of whiskey while we watched my mom shovel the driveway.  She slipped on the ice and fell down really hard and he laughed and said, ""Fuuuuck, it's gonna take this contagious to finish.'"""
"What does Johnny Depp and Dr. Fauci have in common?" "They both despise the Herd mentality"
"I got in trouble at work for touching A Minor" "Apparently I didn't tune the guitar properly."
"I don’t know why everyone downvotes Amber on Reddit" "She just wants to be Heard"
"What's the problem with being gifted cobwebs?" "There's always strings attached."
"Why was Rudolph's nose so bright?" "Because it was very well-red!"
"Several years ago, Andy was sentenced to prison. During his stay, he got along well with the guards and all his fellow inmates. The warden saw that deep down, Andy was a good person and made arrangements for Andy to learn a trade while doing his time." "

After three years, Andy was recognized as one of the best carpenters in the local area.

Often he would be given a weekend pass to do odd jobs for the citizens of the community and he always reported back to prison before Sunday night was over.

The warden was thinking of remodeling his kitchen and in fact had done much of the work himself.

But he lacked the skills to build a set of kitchen cupboards and a large counter top, which he had promised his wife.

So he called Andy into his office and asked him to complete the job for him.

But, alas, Andy refused.

He told the warden, ""Gosh, I'd really like to help you but counter fitting is what got me into prison in the first place."""
"All my friends hate me now." "Apparently saying ""Don't worry, just hang in there"" to a suicidal person is insensitive"
"Why do Norwegian Battleships have barcodes on them?" "So that when they arrive back to port they can Scandinavian"
"Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That’s just how I roll." "It’s my cake day, humour me."
"What do you say to a suicidal person?" """Don't worry, just hang in there"""
"An elderly couple, who were both widowed, had been going out with each other for a long time." "
Urged on by their friends, they decided it was finally time to get married.

Before the wedding, they went out to dinner and had a long conversation regarding how their marriage might work.

They discussed finances, living arrangements and so on.

Finally, the old gentleman decided it was time to broach the subject of their physical relationship.

“How do you feel about making love?” he asked, rather tentatively.

“I would like it infrequently,” she replied.

The old gentleman sat quietly for a moment, adjusted his glasses, leaned over towards her and whispered: “Is that one word or two?”"
"I'm not saying I hated my late wife..." "But after she died in a car crash, I kept in touch with the lamppost."
"Girl: I'm sick and tired of you pretending to be some detective ace all the time. I think we should split up." "Me: Excellent idea. That way we can cover more ground."
"Women belong in the kitchen" ".....................where they can taste this, frankly delicious, Spaghetti Carbonara I just finished preparing, with home-made bread I just baked, and to top it off with some quality espresso coffee."
"It’s a trap" "This year : 2020

Next year : 2020 Won

Year after that : 2020 Too"
"Do you know what you can hold without ever touching it?" "A conversation."
"Q: What do you not bring to a house party in 2020?" "A: A case of Corona"
"What do sprinters eat before a race?" "Nothing, they fast."
"Q: Why did the chicken cross the road?" "A: Because the other chickens weren’t wearing masks"
"A dumb blonde walks into a bar" "And makes a sign asking for a beer.

P.s be kind this is my first blond joke."
"What do ghosts like to have with their apple pie." "I scream"
"My “Epic Stewie Griffin Style” Parody Song" "Hey guys this is my first parody song so I hope you like it DO NOT STEAL THIS FROM ME YOU DO NOT HAVE MY PERMISSION.

Intro:
Epic Stewie Style.

Epic Stewie Style

Stewie Style.

Verse 1:

My name is Stewie Griffin and I am a Griffin
My father has a name his name is Peter Griffin 
Together with my family we are members of the Griffins
I’m with all my friends and they know I am a Griffin.
Just call me Stewie! Peter! Griffin!

Pre-Chorus:
I like to walk around!
When I’m with my friends I like to watch tv!
I enjoy doing things with my loved ones!
I have fun when I’m doing stuff!

Chorus:
I serve the glorious king of Thailand with my life (with my life)
I honour my family and respect my father (who is my hero)
My hero!
He works at Nuclear Power Plant don’t you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know,

Oppa Stewie Style!

Op op op op 

Oppa Stewie Style!

Op op op op

Oppa Stewie Style!

Heyyyyyyy Stewie Griffin!!

Op op op op

Oppa Stewie Style!

Heyyyyyyy Stewie Griffin!!"
"A man was hiding under the car seat" "The cop told hem he is under arrest"
"Trucker is hauling a B-double with three containers full of computer parts." " It's getting on toward dark, and so he stops at a steakhouse for a bite.


The first thing he sees is a sign on the door: 


NO THONGS 


NO SINGLETS 


NO NERDS


MANAGEMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REFUSE ADMISSION 


No nerds? Weird. But whatever. 


Upon entering, he sees a big poster on a noticeboard:


NERD SEASON OPENS 5 JULY 


That's today, he thinks. What's this about? 


He approaches the bar to get a drink and order a meal, but as he steps up, the big guy behind the bar gives him a suspicious look. 


""Are you a nerd?"" the bartender demands, with slitted eyes and a sneer on his lips. 


""What? No, I'm a trucker!"" 


""You *smell* like a nerd!"" insists the bartender, and his hand makes its way below the bar.


""Huh? Oh, wait! I've got a big load of computer bits on board. Maybe that's what you can smell on me!""


The bartender relaxes and smiles, and his hand returns to view. ""Ah, - that would be it. Sorry mate. What'll it be?""


The trucker gets his meal and brew, and takes a seat in the corner. 


As he's finishing up, the door opens, and a guy walks in. He's got thin slicked down hair, parted on the left, dandruff on his shoulders, thick glasses and a face full of pimples. He's wearing a short sleeved business shirt, with a pocket protector full of pens, pleated pants that stop well above his ankles, showing white socks below an expanse of pale skin, under black leather shoes. There is a calculator attached to his belt.


The bartender glances up, and doesn't hesitate for even a moment. Hand goes under the bar and comes out with a shotgun, and in one smooth movement he aims and fires both barrels together from the waist. The nerd goes down in a spray of body parts, Biro ink and calculator buttons. 


The trucker is speechless. Wow, he thinks, - they really take their nerd season seriously around these parts. He pays and leaves quickly, somewhat unsettled. 


The night wears on behind the wheel, and the trucker fights the all-too-common battle to maintain concentration on the road. An idiot in a beat-up Commodore blasts past him without enough clear road ahead and merges back early, and instead of holding his line and letting the muppet wear his bullbar, he instinctively pulls to the left and loses control in the gravel on the verge.


The truck goes over and slides into the wall near the end of a cutting, and the containers bust open and spill their contents. The driver pulls himself free, mostly unhurt, and tries to take stock of his position.


Then he hears a rustling on all sides, and as his eyes get used to the gloom, he realises that there are nerds everywhere! They're crawling out from the bushes and from behind rocks, bristling with pocket protectors and calculator holsters, rummaging through the strewn computer parts, comparing them with those that other nerds have grabbed, and bickering over the comparative specs of the various parts.


Anxious to protect what he could of his load, the trucker suddenly remembered what he saw at the steakhouse: nerd season was open! He reached into his cab and found his own rifle behind the seat. Left, right, middle. Blam! Blam! Blam! He started dropping them where they stood.


At that point, he saw approaching red and blues, and a short time later the police were all over everything. 


""Hey! Police! Drop your weapon!"" 


The trucker was astonished. ""Hey, I'm just protecting what's mine! This firearm is registered, I'm licensed, and nerd season opened today!"" 


""Yes,"" replied the OIC, "" - but you're not allowed to bait them!"""
"""Grandma, if you can hear us, show us a sign""" "until 2019 : Spiritism session.

2020 : Skype call session."
"Those who believe in telekinetics" "Raise my hand"
"A pastor was leaving a graveside service, when he noticed a man sobbing, pounding the ground with his fists, and yelling as he knelt before a grave." "He decided to see if the man needed help or comfort and as he drew closer he heard the man yelling, ""Why did he die! Why did he have to die!?""

The pastor knelt beside the man and said, ""I'm so sorry for your loss, I'm a pastor, if there's anything I can do, I'll be glad to help. Was this your father you've lost?""

The man kept sobbing and pounding on the grave. ""No! He wasn't my father! Why did he die! Why did he have to die!?""

""Oh, a close relative perhaps?""

""No! We weren't related! Why did he die! Why did he have to die!?""

""Oh, was he a good friend then?""

""No, he wasn't my friend! Why did he die! Why did he have to die!?""

I'm sorry to pry, but was he a business partner?""

""No, I never even met the man! But why did he die! Why did he have to die!?""

Confused, the pastor exclaimed, ""Well if you never met him, why are you so upset? Who was he?""

The man turned to the pastor and sobbed, ""He was my wife's first husband!"""
"I hate my dad..." "Sometimes he’s just a real motherfucker"
"I beat my record for distance of ejaculation." "I’ve come along way."
"If Johnny buys seventeen donuts every Monday and eats twelve of them each Wednesday, what is Johnny left with at the end of the year?" Diabetes
"What did Toyota said to the other car companies?" Hiiiiluuuuuxx
"COVID Joke" "Ten years from now you’ll put on a jacket and find a mask in the pocket.  “Oh man, what a weird year that was.”  Then you pick up your machete and continue across the wasteland, keeping to the shadows to avoid the roving gangs of cannibal raiders."
"The sweater my wife gave me for Xmas was picking up static electricity, so I went to the store to change it." "They gave me another one, free of charge."
"Why's American beer like sex in a canoe?" "Because it's fucking close to water."
"what do sprinters eat before a race?" "nothing, they fast"
"Man’s dream come true twice." "Man: “Finally, I've been waiting so long for this!”

Woman: “Do you ever want me to leave?”

Man: “NO. I don't even dare to think about it”

Woman: “Do you love me?”

Man: “Of course, a lot!”

Woman: “Have you ever cheated on me?”

Man: “NO. Why are you asking me that?”

Woman: “Do you want to kiss me?”

Man: “Every time I get the chance.”

Woman: “Would you ever hit me?”

Man: “Are you crazy, I'm not that kind of person!”

Woman: “Can I trust you?”

Man: “Yes honey ...”

Woman: “Dear darling!”


After 30 years of marriage, read from bottom to top."
"What do you call it when the medieval warrior's horse has a bad dream?" "A knightmare."
"Why did the spider cross the road ?" "He wanted to go to his web-site."
"When I have sex without condom I creampi" "I cum in 3,1416 seconds"
"A blind man walks into a bar" Ouch!
"What is a cats favorite color?" Purrple
"Do you know why my Internet subscriber banned me from using their service?" "Because IP on them to assert dominance"
"Why did the DevOps engineer lose his job and his girlfriend?" "Because he couldn't commit"
"Jack and Jill went up the hill" "so Jack could lick Jill's candy.  But Jack got a shock, and a mouth full of cock 'cause Jill's real name was Randy"
"Did you hear about the Japanese princess when she found out about the tsunami?" Fukashemad
"Why did they try killing Jesus on Easter?" "Because you can’t try killing a dude on his birthday, that’s would just be wrong, come on!"
"Cleveland Streamer" "You might already be familiar with a Cleveland Steamer. A Cleveland Streamer is the same thing except it's where you are in prison for five years for streaming a video thanks to the new felony streaming law and someone takes a dump on you."
"Year- 2020." "That's it. That was the joke itself."
"I can't believe people can actually have an allergy to peanuts." "It's freaking nuts!"
"A High School English Teacher reminds her class of the next day's final exam. She tells the class that there would be no excuse for not showing up, except for a serious injury or illness, or a death in the student's immediate family." "One smart-ass jock in the back of the room asks, ""What about extreme sexual exhaustion?"" The entire class does its best to stifle their laughter and snickering. When silence is restored the teacher smiles sympathetically at the student, shakes her head, and sweetly says, ""Aw, that's so sad. Guess you'll just have to write with your other hand"""
"What do you call a Mexican Owl?" Hoolio
"A man was asleep while driving on his Tesla." "A officer stopped the car and said: “Sir, you’re under a rest.”"
"Why does broken glass taste like blood?" "I'm dying to know"
"Why cant you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom?" "Because they’re extinct. Thought that was obvious"
"The legend" " When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: ""What is courage?"" He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top."
"This guy out there asking the real questions" " On the first day of college, the Dean addressed the students, pointing out some of the rules. ""The female hostel will be prohibited for all male students, and the male dormitory to the female students. Anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $50 the first time."" He continued, ""Anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $100. Being caught a third time will incur a hefty fine of $200. Are there any questions?"" At this, a male student in the crowd inquired, ""How much for a season pass?"""
"Why did CIA raid the igloos?" "Because they dont like snow dens"
"A guy with two dogs came to a circus manager and asked for a job." """Well, show me what can you do?""

The guy took the dogs to the piano, where one of them start playing and the other joined singing.
The manager, obviously very impressed, decided to hire them on the spot, but requested to know what's the trick.

""Well, actually the one playing piano also sings. The other one just opens his mouth."""
"An Indian King became jealous that the Queen was caring about their infant son more than him, So he poisoned her nipples in her sleep to kill the baby." "The next day the Minister died of poisoning."
"One of my favorite dumb jokes to share with everyone for my first ever cake day!" "What did 0 say to 8?


Nice belt!"
"What would you call it when you're watching a movie and you're friend tells you that the main character dies because they get hit by the back of a dragster?" "A spoiler alert"
"This is a story about a couple who had been happily married for years." ".....the only friction in their marriage was the husbands habit of farting loudly every morning when he awoke the noise would wake his wife and the smell would make her eyes water and make her gasp for air.

 Every morning she would plead with him to stop ripping them off because it was making her sick. He told her he couldn't stop it and that it was perfectly natural. She told him to see a doctor, she was concerned that one day he would blow his guts out.


The years went by and he continued to rip them out. Then one Christmas day morning, as she was preparing the turkey for dinner and he was upstairs sound asleep, she looked at the innards, neck, gizzard, liver and all the spare parts, and a malicious thought came to her. She took the bowl and went upstairs where her husband was sound asleep and, gently pulling the bed covers back, she pulled back the elastic waistband of his underpants and emptied the bowl of turkey guts into his shorts.


Sometime later she heard her husband waken with his usual trumpeting which was followed by a blood curdling scream and the sound of frantic footsteps as he ran into the bath room. The wife could hardly control herself as she rolled on the floor laughing, tears in her eyes! After years of torture she reckoned she had got him back pretty good. 

About twenty minutes later, her husband came downstairs in his blood stained underpants with a look of horror on his face. She bit her lip as she asked him what was the matter. He said ""Honey you were right all these years you have warned me and I didn't listen to you"". ""What do you mean?"" asked his wife. 

""Well, you always told me that one day I would end up farting my guts out, and today it finally happened, but by the grace of god, some Vaseline and two fingers. I think I got most of them back in"""
"My friend asked me if condom work." "I replied ""obviously they don't work...."""
"Three gay guys in a funeral parlor." "Three gay guys at a funeral parlor collecting ashes.  They get to talking about spreading ashes. 

The first on says that his husband loves to fish so he will spread his ashes in his favorite lake.

The next guy says his husband loves being a pilot so he will spread his ashes in the air.

The third guy says his husband was a great lover so he will mix his ashes in his next bowl of chili so he can wreck his ass one more time."
"How does a penguin build a house?" "He-gloos it together


(igloo)"
"What did the fish say when it swam in to a wall?" Dam!
"I used to suffer from depression but through hard work, persistence, and never giving up" "I now suffer from anxiety and depression"
"I Love Tiny Homes" "FYI, Tiny Homes is my short black friend."
"A guy walks into a bar and saddles up on a stool." "He asks the bartender for a beer. 

The bartender asks what kind of beer you want?

Oh, don’t give me Coors Light. I drank 24 of them last night and blew chunks.

The bartender said “Well if you drank 24 of any beers you would blow chunks.” 

He says “Yeah, but Chunks my dog.”"
"I proposed to my Russian girlfriend and she said yes!" "I proposed to my Russian girlfriend and she said Yes!

For the wedding, my whole family and friends flew over to her home town of Moscow.

It was a beautiful ceremony, however I did find some things strange. For instance, the priest never said, ""You may now kiss the bride"", but I just assumed it was purely an American thing and didn't mind.

Later during the reception, we were both starving and decided to head over to the buffet to get food. On the way we passed the drink table, where about six people were waiting to get a fruity drink from a bowl.

As we passed, they all said in unison, ""You may now kiss the bride!"" My wife got giddy and gave me a big kiss, which I of course returned.

As we walked away I asked, ""Why did *they* tell us to kiss and not the priest?""

My wife answered,

""In Soviet Russia, the punchline tells you!"""
"I went to the shooting range yesterday for the first time and couldn’t get my gun to fire" "I had to read the manual's troubleshooting section"
"I'm finally in stable relationship!" "There's some horse in this house, there's some horse in this house."
"Have you heard about the new padded bra that's on the market?" "It's made of Mammary Foam."
"Y'all Ever Heard of a Reverse Exercism?" "It's when the Devil tells the priest to exit the child's body."
"I once had to pretend that i was taking a shit, so I dropped a bottle of soap in the toilet" "It was a shampoo."
"3 women were in a bar talking about how much they can stretch their vagina" "The first girl goes ""my boyfriend can fit his forearm in mine.""

The second girl responds "" my boyfriend was able to get both of his forearms into mine.""

The third girl just smiles, and slides over the bar stool"
"I met an evil glassblower the other day..." "They made the most vial creations."
"What do we learn from Fast and Furious 9..." "You have to die in real life to stay dead in FF franchise"
"Why did 10 have PTSD and horrible nightmares" "He was in the middle of 9-11"
"I always wondered why rock didn't beat paper in rock paper scissors" "Turns out rock just couldn't cut it"
"Drunk guy at a bar" "So there’s a drunk guy at a bar and all of a sudden he starts to vomit. “Oh no, I vomited on my t-shirt, my wife is gonna kill me!” Says the drunkard. “Let me help you with that”, says the bartender. The bartender goes to the drunk guy and says: tell your wife some idiot vomited on your t-shirt and gave you 10 dollar for the inconvenience. Off he goes, the drunk guy.. he tells his wife the story and hands her 20 dollar. “But you said 10 dollar”, replies his wife. “Yes but the idiot also shat in my pants!”"
"Jesus walks into a bar and sees a guy wobbling across the floor on crutches" "The guy was crippled, so Jesus knelt down, put his hands on his knees and cured the man. Seeing his legs were now perfect, he jumped up and praises Jesus.

Jesus looked across the room and saw a man with a white cane. He walked over to him, put his hands on his eyes and gave him back the gift of sight. The man stood up and praised Jesus.

Another man leaned up against the Jukebox holding his lower back in pain. Jesus sees him and starts walking over to him. The man who witnessed the two prior miracles holds up both of his hands in a stop motion and yells at Jesus; "" Stay the hell away from me, I'm on workman's comp""."
"Fish joke" "What did the fish say when he swam into a wall?

- Dam."
"Why does a scuba diver go backwards into the water?" "If they went forward they'd land in the boat!"
"How does a depressed person view life?" "There are sad days, and also Saturdays..."
"I didn't play any music while lifting today;" "I am a big fan of heavy metal."
"Women are alot like continents." " At various times in her life, a woman is like the continents of the world. From 13 to 18, she's like Africa- virgin territory. From 18 to 30, she's like Asia- hot and exotic. From 30 to 45, she's like America- fully explored and free with her resources. From 45 to 55, she's like Europe- exhausted, but not without places of interest. From 55 onwards, she's like Australia- everybody knows it's down there, but nobody cares."
"What is the best thing about France?" "It’s Nice."
"How do you level a shelf using only a pencil?" "If the pencil doesn't roll off the shelf, it's level."
"bitches be like ""can i ride you?""" "Bitch i aint a car"
"I don't go on Twitter like some degenerates" "I view screenshots of Twitter on Reddit, like an intellectual"
"Remember when Ontario..." "...was having a ridiculous increase in Covid 19 infections because of transmission among essential workers and in warehouse workplaces, so the Ford government closed parks and golf courses?"
"[NSFW] Two men work in the morgue..." " ..One of them is very confused, goes to his colleague and says: Look, the corpse has a shrimp between her legs.
The other guy replies: That's not a shrimp, that's her clitoris.
The first guy: Yeah, but it tastes like shrimp."
"A farmer, up against some noisy wolves, decided to sell his animals and demolish the structures...but you know..." "No farm, no howl."
"Did you know the toothbrush was invented in West Virginia?" "If it had been invented anywhere else, it would have been called the “teethbrush”"
"A group of old friends met at a resort for their annual vacation." "They had a long-standing tradition of sharing jokes with each other. They’d been doing this so long that they just assigned numbers to the jokes to make it easier to tell them.

Someone would shout out “24” or “13” and everyone would laugh. 

This went on for a long and then one person yelled “52” and they all laughed harder than normal. One of the newbies to the group, who was completely lost, asked why that joke was so funny. 

“Oh, that was a new one.”"
"A doctor says to a lawyer ""There are plenty of your mistakes covered up with paperwork""" "The lawyer responds ""And plenty of yours covered up with a shovel"""
"What does a nosey pepper do?" "It gets Jalapeno business!"
"What did the leper say to the prostitute?" "Keep the tip."
"I'm not saying my wife's a greedy bitch.." "But we save a fortune on cling-film."
"The Dutch should be grateful for lesbians" "Without Dykes half of their country would be underwater"
"Had to quit my job at the watch factory." "The guy sitting opposite me, kept making faces."
"My wife was not impressed by my impulse purchase of a revolving chair." "But once she sat on it....She eventually came round."
"Guy is the sole survivor of a shipwreck, and washes up on a desert island." "The only thing to eat are coconuts, from a single coconut tree on the other side of the island.  However, there's a dog guarding the tree, and every time the guy climbs the tree to get a one, the dog bites him on the ass.

For ten months, the guy has to deal with the dog, whenever he wants to eat.  Day after day, he sprints to the tree, grabs a coconut or two, and the dog bites his ass.

Then one day, on his way to the coconut tree, he sees a voluptuously bodacious blonde woman crawl out of the water and collapse on the beach.  He runs up, and realizing that she's been drowning, he preforms rescue breathing and revives her.  She wakes up, and says to the guy, ""Thank you for saving my life!! If there's anything I can do for you, just ask!""

Guy raises an eyebrow and says, ""Anything?""

She nods with a smile and repeats, ""*Anything!*.

Guy rubs his beard, and says, ""OK, hold that fucking dog..."""
"Karma is stupid" "Yeah, who needs to do good deeds to get good luck in life? I like fake internet points."
"I awoke tied to a bed which wasn't necessarily uncommon for me after a night of carousing" "Except this bed was in a furniture showroom window and a mannequin was tied up next to me"
"I had sex with my GF for the first time" "The people in the park should really mind their own business, it was a little embarrassing"
"You can tell a bad joke from a good home by the number of awards it has..." "See above."
"Pirates that used X to mark the spot were stupid..." " If they had used a ""G"", nobody would ever have found their treasure."
"Where do pigs hear their favorite songs?" "On the Ham Radio!"
"How many vegans does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Two.  One to get on their high horse and the other to chastise them for oppressing the horse."
"Come in number 9, your time is up." "Boss, we've only got 8 boats. 

Number 6, are you in trouble?"
"Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?" "To get to the bottom."
"Camel in the dessert" "A man rides his camel in the dessert as he hears a strange voice,

SV: to the left, to the left

he rides his camel to the left

SV: further left, further left

he rides the camel further left

SV: stop the camel, stop the camel

he stops the camel

SV: dig a hole, dig a hole

he digs a hole a finds a big treasure, pure gold

SV: Cairo, Cairo

he puts the treasure on the camel and rides to cairo

SV: Casino, Casino

he goes to the Casino

SV: Roulette, Roulette

he goes to play Roulette

SV: everything on 13, everything on 13

he puts the complete gold treasure on the 13, 7 wins

SV: Shit"
"It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye." "Then it's just fun and games they can't see."
"My homeboy got rear-ended on a motorcycle wearing a bright green shirt, with shiny red hair: It kind of makes sense...." "It was impossible to miss him"
"I have a gay roommate. Every time there is a knock on the door, he goes:" "Let me get that, straight."
"Moon or Paris?" "Two blondes took a late-night walk after clubbing and ended up sitting on a bench in a park. One looks up at the full moon and says, “the moon is so big tonight, I love how it makes everything so light at night.” Her friend says, “what a great night, I bet the moon looks even better in Paris.” The first one says, “I’ll bet you’re right. I wonder which one is further, the moon or Paris.” Her friend replies, “well duh, can you see Paris from here?”"
"It makes sense if you watch family feud" "Steve Harvey is at the casino playing poker, one of the staff walks by and looks at his hand, he has 2 aces, the staff member whispers in his ear "" good hand sir"""
"One day, there was a farmer who had three beautiful daughters." "One day, there was a farmer who had three beautiful daughters. He was very protective over them so, on Friday date night, he stood at the door with a shotgun slung around him.

The first guy to turn up at the door knocked and when the farmer opened the door, the guy said, ‘Hi, I’m Freddy, I’m here to pick up Betty, we’re going to get spaghetti, is she ready?’
The farmer was a bit confused by this but thought that the guy didn’t seem to bad. He said, ‘Okay. Have her home by 10’.

A few moments later, the next guy turned up. He said ‘Hi, I’m Joe, I’m here to pick up Flo, we’re going to see a show, can she go?’. The farmer was perplexed but told the guy, ‘Okay. Have her home by 10’.

After that, the third guy came. He said ‘Hi, I’m Jim, I’m here to pick up Kim, we’re going for a swim, can I come in?’. The farmer was still baffled but told him, ‘Okay. Have her home by 10 — and no funny stuff in the pool.’

Slightly late, the last guy turns up. He says, ‘Hi, I’m Chuck-‘ and the farmer shoots him immediately."
"What do you get when you place a gallon of milk on a pigeon stoop?" "Ledge n' Dairy"
"What do you get when you pour Red Bull onto a clock?" "A waste of time and energy."
"If Cinderella and Mozart married, what would their kid's name be?" mozzarella!
"What kind of pet shop is this? (NSFW, original)" "
Joe had a dog that he loved dearly. Only one problem - no matter what he did, he just could not get the dog to stop soiling the carpet. Joe tried everything, read every book on dog training, bought every device on the market. But the dog just refused to be housebroken. Finally, he saw an ad for a pet shop that guaranteed it help can train any pet to do just about anything its owner wants. Even though it sounded too good to be true, Joe gave it a try.

The pet shop was very weird. Inside, half the shop was full of bones and dog treats. The other half of the shop was full of dildos, sex toys, and lubricant. It seemed the shop sold both. In the middle, behind the register, was a pleasant-looking man holding an old leather book.

Joe asked if the man could help house train his dog.

“Sure can,” he said. “See, this here is a magical book. I can rent it out to you. All you do is read the first page aloud to your dog. And then the book gives your dog whatever he wants in order for him to do whatever you’re trying to train him to do. Works almost every time. Just bring it back here when you’re done. Oh, and make sure you have plenty of space.”

Joe thanked the man and rented the book. A few days later he comes back with the old leather book in hand.

“Well, my dog is house trained now,” said Joe. “Only problem is my house is filled top to bottom with steaks. Thousands and thousands of steaks. What the hell am I supposed to do with all that meat?”

“Do the same thing I did,” said the shopkeeper.  “Open a business. My dog wanted more treats than he could ever possibly eat. And turns out my cat wanted me to go fuck myself.”"
"How do you make a Gay bloke fuck a woman?............... Put shit in her vagina." "You're welcome."
"I met a Jewish girl who asked for my number" "I told her we use names here now"
"My favorite teddy bear is the jfk bear" "Because there's always a hole inside of his head to put something in."
"I overdosed on viagra the other day" "It was the hardest day of my life."
"This one is mine, so it's not great, but I like it...." "A guy named Bob works in an oil refinery, and since he only lives about a mile from the plant, he just rides his bicycle in every day. There only inconvenience is he has to carry his bike across a catwalk that stretches over numerous vats of oil being refined. 

One day, he stumbles and *gloop* the bike falls into one of the vats. Bob runs back down the stairs before his bike sinks too far, pulls it out, and heads back up to the catwalk. The bike is lightweight, but after carrying it already his hand runs out of strength and *sploot* in it goes again. 

Once more, he retrieves his bicycle and is making his way across, feels his grip failing on the slippery frame and then (you guessed it) *splop* back into the oil. 

It was a viscous cycle."
"Little Bobby gets home from school, visibly exited..." "His father notices this and asks the boy why he is so happy


Little Bobby explains that his English teacher made his stay after class and took his virginity 


The father is ecstatic that his little boy is finally man so he immediately runs out and buys him a bicycle as a reward 


Returning home with the bicycle he asks little Bobby isf he wants to take it for a spin, to which the boy replies:


*”Oh I’d love to Dad! But could we wait until tomorrow? My ass still hurts.”*"
"A Non Binary samurai" "How does a non binary samurai kill people ? 
They/Them"
Baseball "So I was with friends when one asked how people in America form baseball clubs and the other said well li would just be the same as how football clubs are made here. And I was unsure what they were talking about but then I got it and took my chance to correct  them so I told them I think they are called bats."
"Two is the perfect amount of asses needed for a terrifying sounding job" " One ass - assbandit and that sounds more funny than scary. Two asses - assassin, and isn’t that a terror. Three asses and you might be pushing it, asskillerass doesn’t quite work. But make sure you don’t go up to 9 because that'd be asinine and that means it’s very dumb."
"How did the girl know her glass boyfriend was cheating on her?" "She could see right through him."
"Once upon a time there lived a beautiful Queen with large breasts." "
Sid, the Dragon Slayer, obsessed over the Queen for this reason. He knew that the penalty for his desire would be death, should he try to touch them, but he had to try.

One day Sid revealed his secret desire to his colleague, Nathan the Erudite lawyer, the King's chief adviser. 

Nathan thought about this and said that he could arrange for Sid to more than satisfy his desire, but it would cost him 1000 gold coins to arrange it. Without pause, Sid readily agreed to the scheme.

The next day, Nathan got a batch of itching powder and poured a little bit into the Queen's bra while she bathed. Soon after she dressed, the itching commenced and grew intense.

Upon being summoned to the Royal Chambers to address this incident, Nathan informed the King and Queen that only a special saliva, if applied for four hours, would cure this type of itch, and Nathan advised that only the saliva of Sid would work as the antidote to cure the itch.

The King, eager to help his Queen, quickly summoned Sid to their chambers. Nathan then slipped Sid the antidote for the itching powder, which he put into his mouth, and for the next four hours, Sid worked passionately on the Queen's large and magnificent breasts. The Queen's itching was eventually relieved, and Sid left satisfied and hailed as a hero.

Upon returning to his chamber, Sid found Nathan demanding his payment of 1000 gold coins. With his obsession now satisfied, Sid couldn't have cared less knowing that Nathan could never report this matter to the King and with a laugh told him to get lost.

The next day, Nathan slipped a massive dose of the same itching powder into the King's underwear. The King immediately summoned Sid."
"Why did Mr. Potato Head’s dry cleaning service go out of business?" "He always used too much starch."
"There’s a nice little restaurant in a building in my neighborhood, down in the basement." "Sometimes I go there for “take up.”"
"My head was messy so I got it cut up" "The doctor did a great job"
"I sold my car" "So I could buy some gas."
"I can't stand it when my Mexican friend is late" "I wait for no Juan."
"A millionaire tipped a hooker 1000 bucks..." "It made her hole weak"
"My doctor told me I am very very sick" "He won't borrow porn from me again"
"What’s another name for a paternity test" "A pop quiz

u/iwillsexyou"
"Today I learned how to rape!" "i wonder why i am not allowed to teach at schools anymore"
"My wheelchair basketball team finally found the perfect sponsor." "Dunkin' Donuts."
"Time flies" "Time flies like Malaysia flight 370

&amp;#x200B;

It never comes back"
"A rich guy tipped a hooker 500 bucks..." "It made her hole weak"
"What’s the most intense moment in history?" "When the mission to take the first cow into space commenced.

The steaks had never been higher."
"Why didn’t Barbie ever get pregnant?" "Because Ken always came in an other box"
"Jesus must have had really bad internet" "his revival lagged for 3 days"
"George Washington and Alexander Hamilton go to the bar with their troops after a day of battle." "The troops are having fun and telling stories to each other. The generals are planning new strategies to continue their victorious ways. Washington and Hamilton order a few drinks and are discussing how to continue to fund the war against the British.

The night progresses on and the troops are getting rowdy. They start to fight with each other and start breaking glasses, tables, and chairs. Washington and Hamilton don’t even notice because they are laughing and drinking. 

A general comes over to Washington and says, “Sir, we need your help getting the men under control.” So Washington leaves to go help, but the fighting is getting too much for him to contain. 

He crawls over to Hamilton who has passed out at the bar. Washington shakes him and he starts to wake up. “Hamilton, we need your help. The men are getting too rowdy.”

With that they both go over and try to break up the fighting. They are almost successful until Hamilton sees he left drinks on the bar and runs over towards the drinks. Washington grabs a hold of him and keeps pulling him back to get the troops under control. Hamilton keeps getting close to the bar but gets caught up in the fighting. 

He finally breaks away and runs to the bar. He picks up the liquor and starts to bring it to his mouth. Washington grabs his hand and holds it away from Hamilton’s mouth. “Hamilton, we really need your help to stop the fighting”

Hamilton replied, “I am not throwing away my shot.”"
"Why don’t hairdressers like to say goodbye?" "Because parting is such sweet sorrow."
"What has racism and the pregnant virgin Mary got in common?" "There is no room for either of them."
"what do you call a footrest kingdom" "the ottoman empire"
"Why do seagulls fly over the sea?" "Because if they flew over the bay, they would be bagels"
"I just lost my virginity." "The experience changed me completely. It absolutely altered my self-image.

It's like I have entered another body."
"What do you call the cryptocurrency that’s named for Dolly Parton?" Titcoin
"I'd like to talk to you guys about my masturbation addiction..." "I have overcome so much"
"A man escaped from prison" "where he has been for 15 years... He broke into a house to look for money and guns and finds a young couple in bed.

He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair, while tying the girl to the bed he gets on top of her, kisses her neck, then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband tells his wife:

""Listen, this guy's an escaped convict, look at his clothes! He probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck."" If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is probably very dangerous. If he gets angry, he'll kill us. Be strong, honey. I love you.""

To which his wife responds: ""He wasn't kissing my neck. He was whispering in my ear. He told me he was gay, thought you were cute, and asked me if we had any vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Then she adds ....  If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. Be strong honey. I love you too!"""
"Yellow Fungus" "After Black and White, it's time for yellow fungus. CORONA is like an artist,it has painted all the infected one with different colors,wait till you find the new color every week."
"I ate a kid's meal at the McDonald's today." "The parents called the manager."
"A guy goes into a library and asks ‘Can I have a gin and tonic and a large beer?’ ‘Sir, you do know this is a library.’" "In whispering voice he says ‘Sorry, can I have a gin and tonic and a large beer’."
"I was recently asked how I view lesbian relationships." "Apparently ""in 4K"" was the wrong answer"
"Remember when everyone was like" "Remember when everyone was like"
"A kind-hearted German, a brave Frenchman," "a thin American, a Chinese man with distinct facial features, and a Black man with a small dick walk into a bar and a Jewish guy says, ""drinks are on me."""
"Working for Jesus would be terrible." "One day, one of Jesus' disciples walked up to him to ask for a sick leave, and He replied ""and you are healed."""
"Lawyer Joke" "A man is visiting a seaside town and walks into a pawn shop. He sees a large statue of a rat. “How much for the rat statue?” he asks. The pawnbroker responds, “It’s $10 for the statue, but $20 if you want the story that goes with it,” to which the customer replied, “I only want the statue.”

He paid for the statue and took it outside. Almost immediately he heard squealing sounds behind him. He looked back and saw rats coming from everywhere. Frightened he ran toward the ocean but more and more rats—thousands—were in pursuit. He reached the ocean and threw the statue in the water. All the rats ran into the ocean after the statue and drowned.

Relieved, the man walked back to the pawn shop. The pawnbroker looked self-satisfied and said, “I bet you want that story now, but it’ll cost you.”

The customer replied, “No thank you. But I will take that lawyer statue.”"
"An atheist dies and goes to hell" " 

The devil welcomes him and says:""Let me show you around a little bit."" They walk through a nice park with green trees and the devil shows him a huge palace. ""This is your house now, here are your keys."" The man is happy and thanks the devil. The devil says:""No need to say thank you, everyone gets a nice place to live in when they come down here!""

They continue walking through the nice park, flowers everywhere, and the devil shows the atheist a garage full of beautiful cars. ""These are your cars now!"" and hands the man all the car keys. Again, the atheist tries to thank the devil, but he only says ""Everyone down here gets some cool cars! How would you drive around without having cars?"".

They walk on and the area gets even nicer. There are birds chirping, squirrels running around, kittens everywhere. They arrive at a fountain, where the most beautiful woman the atheist has ever seen sits on a bench. She looks at him and they instantly fall in love with each other. The man couldn´t be any happier. The devil says ""Everyone gets to have their soulmate down here, we don´t want anyone to be lonely!""

As they walk on, the atheist notices a high fence. He peeks to the other side and is totally shocked. There are people in pools of lava, screaming in pain, while little devils run around and stab them with their tridents. Other devils are skinning people alive, heads are spiked, and many more terrible things are happening. A stench of sulfur is in the air.

Terrified, the man stumbles backwards, and asks the devil ""What is going on there?"" The devil just shrugs and says: ""Those are the Christians, I don´t know why, but they prefer it that way""."
"Stupid science b***hes" "Scientists: The stars you see is actually light millions of years old just reaching us

Me: Oh so aliens will never invade us

Scientists: Whys that?

Me: They'll think we ate the dinosaurs"
"A drum, a sheep and a snake fall off a cliff." Dum,baa,sss
"Security Guard : ""I'm sorry ma'am but skinny dipping is prohibited in this beach """ "Woman : "" You could have warned me before I removed the clothes"" 

Security guard :"" Well, there is no law about that""."
Sads "Fun fact: there is a thing called Sudden Arrhythmia Death Syndrome, which can be abbreviated as SADS, it is where you suddenly die for no obvious reason, but I think its obviously because they got the SADS. 

&amp;#x200B;

Ha ha?"
"I don't want to give a spoiler but" "this joke is very bad"
"I hope I will die peacefully in my sleep like grandpa.." "And not screaming in agony like the passengers on his bus."
"A black guy in a library asked me where the colored printers were." "I said, ""Dude, it's 2021 and you’ve been asking me the same question for the last 7 years."""
"A black guy in the office asked me where the colored printers were" "I said, ""dude it's 1963"" you're not allowed in this office"
"[NSFW] What is the ornithologist with binoculars doing on the nudist beach?" "Looking for Great Tits!"
"A man asked his local pharmacist, ""Do you sell Viagra?""" """Yes we do,"" he answered.

""Great! Can you get it over the counter?""

""Only if I take two."""
"My friend once found a dead mouse in their car, stuck under the brake pedal." "It wasn't the speed that killed it, but a sudden stop, apparently.."
"A journalist tries to find out how different professions deals with basic math." "So he asks them a simple question: ""How much is 1+1?""

The mechanical engineer quickly opens a handbook and say, the handbook says 2, let's make it 3 just in case.    
The physicist starts scribbling and after 5 minutes say it's between 1.95 and 2.05 within 3 sigma confidence level.    
The mathematician start writing formulas and within half an hour he announces he can prove that there is a solution.    
The lawyer takes the journalist to the side and whispers, how much do you want it to be?"
"A blind person walked into a library and ask for the Braille section." "The cashier replies, “this is Costco, Try next door”"
"There are two types of people in this world" "and I'm not one of them."
"My wife found out I was cheating" "My wife found out I was cheating on her after she found all the letters I was hiding…

She got mad and said she is never playing Scrabble with me ever again!!"
"I just had my Covid vaccine." "The chip feels a bit lumpy and I have this permanent urge to buy Microsoft licenses. 

On the upside, my 5G is full bars now."
"At a local college dance, a guy from America asks a girl from Sweden to dance...." "While they are dancing, he gives her a little squeeze, and says, “In America,

we call this a hug.”

She replies, “Yaah, in Sveden we call it a hug too.”

A little later, he gives her a peck on the cheek, and says, “In America, we call

this a kiss.”

She replies, “Yaah, in Sveden we call it a kiss too.”

Towards the end of the night, and a lot of drinks later, he takes her out on the

campus lawn and proceeds to have sex with her, saying, “In America, we call

this a grass sandwich.”

She says, “Yaaah, in Sveden we call it a grass sandwich too, but we usually

put more meat in it.”"
"Street Performer" "An Englishman, a Frenchman, a Spaniard, and a German are all standing watching a street performer do some excellent juggling. The juggler notices that the four gentlemen have a very poor view, so he stands up on a large wooden box and calls out, “Can you all see me now?”, to which they reply

“Yes.”
“Oui.”
“Si.”
“Ja.”"
"""I've never been good at dealing with confrontation.""" """Pardon?""

""Nothing."""
"What do you call a african thats nit hungry?" [deleted]
"Why it's so hard to make a Bar inside a cave?" "because it always would be a Bar Den."
"Two blondes wait at a bus stop" "Two blondes wait at a bus stop.

A bus pulls up and opens the door.

One of the blondes leans inside and asks the driver, ""Will this bus take me to 5th Avenue?""

The bus driver shakes his head and says, ""No, I'm sorry.""

The other blonde leans inside and asks, ""How about ME?"""
"I call my wife Bambi, she thinks it's because she is cute with big brown eyes." "But in reality I just hope someone shoots her mother with a hunting rifle."
"Have you tried the new Internet Explorer's Enhanced Security Configuration?" "Sorry but this content is being blocked because of enhanced security."
"Hitler's driving together with Himmler and Goebbels to the next staff meeting...." "When suddenly Himmler yells to Hitler ""You missed the turn, you idiot!""

To which Goebbels (the great propagandist he is) loudly and correctly proclaims ""You moron. The Fuhrer is not idiot. We were always going in this direction!""

Hitler finally replies with a thick accent ""Don't woh-rry, we will just take zhe third reich."""
"Hitler's driving with Himmler and Goebbels to the next staff meeting..." [deleted]
"A young married couple were really horny one night" "When getting into the dirty talk, the dad says to the mom:
""Nice tits!""

She replies:
""Nice dick!""

Their 8 year old boy walks into the bedroom and asks: 
""Mommy, daddy, what does tits and dick mean?""

In utter shame they reply:
""Oh, it's just a different word for 'hats and coats'. Just go back to bed and go to sleep.""

Happy that the situation is diffused, they go to bed. The next night, the parents were having a fight, when the dad shouts:
""You bitch!""

The mom replies:
""You bastard!""

Low and behold, the little child walks into the room again and asks his parents:
""Mommy, daddy, what does bitch and bastard mean?""

Embarrassed about their language, the parents reply:
""Oh, it just means 'ladies and gentlemen'. It's time for bed. Off you go.""

The next day it's Thanksgiving. The father is preparing in the bathroom and shaving his face with a razor. The little boy runs into the bathroom, flings the door open, hits his father on the elbow with the door, who cuts himself right across his face. In his pain the dad shouts:
""Oh shit!""

The boy asks:
""Daddy, what does shit mean?""

To which he replies:
""That's just the name of the shaving cream I'm using. Go downstairs and see what your mom ist up to.""

The boy runs downstairs to his mother, who is cutting the turkey in the kitchen. The boy bursts into the kitchen, startling his mother. In her distraction, she cuts herself right in the thumb. To which she shouts:
""Oh fuck!""

The boy, surprised by what his mom said, asks:
""Mommy, what does fuck mean?""

The mother, looking at the gash in her thumb, just says:
""It just means I'm cutting the turkey!""

Suddenly the doorbell rings. The boy runs to the door to welcome the guests and family:
""Welcome all of you bitches and bastards. Please hang up your titties and dicks. My dad's upstairs wiping the shit of his face and my mom is in the kitchen, fucking the turkey!"""
"I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes..." "Turns out it was the refrigerator all along."
"There's a Hispanic porn star who has two penises, each of a different size. The larger one he calls Jose..." "The smaller one he calls Hose B."
"The police found the missing property." "It's another closed case."
"A rootin'-tootin', guns-blazing cowboy makes his way down to school" "His teacher asks him a question ""You have 5 apples, your neighbor steals 3. How many apples do you have now?"" The cowboy answers ""5 apples and a dead neighbor."""
"""John, bad news. Your mother-in-law died.""" " John is told that his mother-in-law has died. He removes the cross with Jesus from the wall and begins to take Jesus off the cross with a screwdriver. Family asks him: ""What the hell are you doing?""  John say: ""Jesus set me free, and I'll set him free!"""
"There is a Hispanic porn star who has two penises, of different sizes. The larger one he called Jose...." "The smaller one he calls Hose B"
"Guys I designed my own knife" "It uses cutting edge technology 





(Also blue cheese)"
"American Idol is like that toxic girlfriend." "It threaten’s that it’s going to leave, but it keeps coming back singing the same old songs."
"I'm coming out as binary." "My pronouns are 00110101 and 10100110."
"A lonely fisherman decided to use his internet instead of a regular fishing net." "All he caught were catfish."
"A man walked into a pub with an ostrich and a pussy cat." "A man walked into a pub with an ostrich and a pussy cat.

He walked up the the bar and said ""Beer for me, beer for the ostrich, whiskey for the cat.""

They found a table, sat down and drank their drinks. 

After they finished their drinks, it was the ostrich's turn to buy a round.

The ostrich walked up to the bar and said ""Beer for me, beer for the man, whiskey for the cat.""

He took the drinks back to the table and they drank them. 

When it was the cat's turn to buy, he told them ""Fuck off!""

So the man went back to the bar and said ""Beer for me, beer for the ostrich and whiskey for the cat.""

The Barman was curious about this and said ""I notice that you and the ostrich have both bought a round, but the cat hasn't. Why is this?"".

The man replied, ""I helped a little old lady across the road, and she turned out to be my Fairy Godmother. 

She granted me one wish.""

""What did you wish for?"" asked the Barman.

&amp;#x200B;

**""I wished for a long legged bird with a tight pussy!""**"
"How you make glowworm happy?" "You cut of its tail and its delighted."
"What is white and yellow, semi-solid, and often pants?" "A Pooched egg"
"Yesterday I tucked some receipts from Bitcoin into an exotic dancer's panties." "My first use of stripto currency."
"My trainer said my body is used to the routine and if I want to gain muscle quickly, I need to confuse my body" "So I fucked a dude"
"I hate it when my parents fat shame me!" "They always call me a group of pandas!"
"I have many stories about my unfortunate attempts to bring horses to a halt." "They're my tales of whoa."
"if you decide to slap a random black guys ass and it turns out to be Dwayne Johnson.." "..you've really hit rock bottom"
"In the Resident Evil series, how does one make a proper Jill Sandwich?" "You put it between two slices of Breadfield and then add some Weskershire sauce."
"Why are there no Portuguese cruise lines in Africa?" "They're not  falling for  that  twice!"
"Why can't orphans play soccer" "Because they have no goals"
"What do you call a Dent that looks better from a different angle?" "Harvey  


  


\*My first 100% original dad joke. I am proud of me\*"
"A man was hospitalized for 3 weeks. He fell in love with the young pretty nurse." "He sent her a note: ""You have stolen my heart"". 

The Young Nurse in panic responded: No Sir, We have stolen your kidney, haven't touched your heart."
"A dad joke" "Is something that only groan men are allowed to tell."
"An American blonde walks into a cleaners in London and demanded the man at the counter clean her outfit immediately..." "The man shouted back at her, ""You can bloody well piss off""

The blonde yelled back, ""No, it's catsup and mustard stain"""
"I asked my friend if she knew the difference between a prime number and an odd number." "They said that it depended if I had gotten everything squared off first. 

(If it’s bad, I’ll take the downvotes and leave)"
"Why are there only scientists in Antarctica?" "Because they sleep for 6 months

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

That means their brains are really fresh.

Also first joke please don't kill me"
"How do you circumcise a man in Alabama?" "You kick his sister in the jaw."
"What do you call a emo kid on vacation?" "A Tropical Depression"
"Why did the farmboy ride the butcher's girl?" "Because he wanted a piggyback."
"I'm anti - vax" "I just don't think thier brand of vacuums are as good as the competition."
"whats a dogs favorite vegetable" collie-flower
"Why are domestic abuses such great musicians?" "Because they never miss a beat."
"Don’t stress about your eyesight failing as you get older..." "It’s nature’s way of protecting you from shock as you walk past the mirror."
"Did you know that all mules are Chinese?" "When they first meet you they say “Neigh haw”!"
"What do you call it when you can’t make it to the bathroom in time?" "A shartcut"
"What did the anti-immigration xenophobe say when he saw an alien saucer" "'You! F. O.'"
"What's a pickle's favorite game show?" "Let's Make A Dill"
"Do you know why men don't go down on old women?" "Have you ever tried to pull apart a cold grilled cheese?"
"Do you know why men don't go down on old women?" "Have you ever tried to pull a cold grilled cheese apart?"
"""When I donate blood, I don't extract it myself...""" """... the nurse does it for me.""

""I understand stand sir, but this is a sperm bank, it doesn't work that way here."""
"Ladies: please stop posting sexist jokes on this subreddit" "That's a man's job"
Lmao "Can I see a attack on titan crossover 9/11 photo?"
"Farmer: I’m really frustrated that my ram can’t get this last female pregnant." "Vet: Well, that really sounds like a ewe problem."
"What do you call a cat with a lisp?" "A cat.

There's no s in cat, numpty."
"I work retail. My day was like a bad porno." "Because everyone came at once."
"What does a penguin lawyer order at a bar?" "Just ice"
"Nobody wants to be alone. my old neighbor; newly divorced, beer-belly, balding, and closing on 50..." "Hate to say it but -

I don’t like her chances"
"Why did the mechanic have a disappointing fashion show?" "There was no time to change attire."
"What's it called when people talk getto ass and are clearly fuckes up?" "A crackcent"
"Cyclists are like clowns" "- They dress funny.

- They don't follow any rules.

- If anything bad happens to them, everyone laughs at them."
"what type of fish is a twitter user" "a clownfish"
"An American woman goes to Italy on business and asks her husband what she could bring back for him." "He laughs and says, ""An Italian girl!""

When she returns home he picks her up at the airport and asks, ""So, honey, how was the trip?""

""Very good,"" she replies.

""And did you bring something home for me?""

""Something, did I forget?"" she asks.

""The Italian girl I asked for,"" he replies jokingly.

""Oh, that,"" she says. ""Well, I did what I could. Now we have to wait nine months to see if it's a girl."""
"How does a nonbinary ninja kill people?" "They slash Them."
"Why do birds pee out of their butts?" "They eat with their peckers!"
"Why are strippers such good politicians?" "‘Cause they’re good on the polls."
"Have you heard when a tree falls in the forest and no one’s around, it does make a sound?" "It says “ow! My fucking head!”"
"Bin laden" "Laden took 9/10 so seriously that he did 9/11."
"Why can't Karens sing?" "Because they get stuck at the third note: ""doe, ray, me-me-me-me-me-me-me..."""
"How do you spell sheep in Welsh?" Sexy
"Investment Banker , M&amp;A Lawyer and Private Equity Guy are sitting on a plane" "An Investment Banker boards a plane and is assigned the aisle seat, he is sitting next to a M&amp;A Lawyer, and a PE guy; he takes off his Gucci loafers and stretches out, to get comfy for the flight. 

The lawyer says ""Can you let me get out. I want to get a Coke."" The Banker jumps up and says ""No problem; I’ll get it for you.”

And as soon as he trots off, the lawyer takes one of his shoes and spits in it with vigor. 

Banker comes back and the PE guy says ""Hey mate, I'd also like one. Mind if I get past you?"" 

""Buddy, no worries, I'll get if for you,"" says the accommodating banker.

Sure enough, soon as he leaves the PE guy hocks some major loogies right in the banker's other shoe. 

The banker comes back, the lawyer and PE guy enjoy their Cokes and the banker gets in a quick sleep. 

When they land, the banker puts on his shoes and immediately realizes what happened.

He says ""Guys, why must there be so much animosity between our industries; all this spitting in shoes, and pissing in Cokes.” 😂😂😂😂😂😂"
"A time sensitive joke for you guys tomorrow.." "Knock Knock




Who’s there?



9/11



9/11 who?




You said you’d never forget."
"Anyone know where I can get some ivermectin?" "I don’t have Covid, but I am a little horse with an itchy butt"
"Terrorists are smart. Change my mind." "Al Quaeda says to the Taliban ""I bet I can make the United States government spend  a ton of money over the next 20 years on Afghanistan's economy, military, and infrastructure by destroying only 2.5 buildings  4 passenger planes. and killing  only a few thousand of their people. And not only will they do it, but they'll be happy to do it.""

Taliban says ""How much money?""

AL Quaeda says ""At least their annual military budget""

Taliban says ""Bullshit. Never gonna happen. YOU'RE ON!""

AL Quaeda says, in her best Texan accent ""Hold my beer.""

Al Quaeda goes back over to Saudi Arabia and says ""See? I told you I'd get them to help. You guys in or not?"""
"I went to the grocery store. The sign outside said: ""No food or drinks inside""." "So I went home again."
"Your filthy mother" "Trampolines used to be called ""jumpoline"" but they had to change the name after your mother jumped on it"
"Help Wanted" "There's a dog walking down the street and he sees a sign in a shop window that says:

""HELP WANTED""

""Must be able to type 60 words per minute.""

""Must be computer literate.""

""Must be bilingual.""

""An equal opportunity employer.""

So, the dog goes inside and asks the manager for an application. The manager looks down at the dog, shakes his head, and says ""I'm sorry, we can't have a dog in this position."" The dog goes over to the sign and points (with his paw) where the sign says ""An equal opportunity employer."" The manager rolls his eyes and says ""Yeah, yeah...."" and gives the dog an application.

The dog quickly fills out the application and hands it back to the manager. He looks over it and says ""You have a great work history, but our sign says you have to be able to type... Can you?"" The dog goes to the typewriter and bangs out a letter... Perfect punctuation, perfect spelling, and perfect grammar...At better than 80 words per minute.

The manager says ""Wow, impressive. But the sign says you need to be computer literate. Can you run a computer?"" The dog goes to the computer, turns it on, and once it is booted up, the dog types in a program.... and it runs.... Flawlessly. The manager says ""Look, you have some very impressive skills, but seriously.... We just can't have a dog in this position"" At this point the manager gets rather smug and says with a smirk ""Besides.... The sign says you need to be bilingual.""

The dog looks up at the manager and says... ""Meow"""
"Michael, V-Sauce here" "Beings, have feelings

Concepts, don't

It is quite auto-explanatory

Beings, they understand concepts

And concepts, can understand beings

Concepts and beings are friends

Friends are a concept

And as there are friends, there shall be something to oppose

&amp;#x200B;

Friends make good feelings

Enemies make bad feelings  


***But what are bad feelings?*** 

Depression?

Grief?

Horror?

Or could it be something as little as feeling offended?

&amp;#x200B;

Beings can feel offended by concepts

Concepts can't be offended by beings

&amp;#x200B;

*Or is it?*

&amp;#x200B;

There have been found beings who cannot be bound by the rules given as concepts

Those same beings, act solely on their id, they can hurt concepts.

&amp;#x200B;

Let me introduce you,

&amp;#x200B;

*To the sex offende-*"
"Mom takes her 3 sons to the dr." "Dr gives them the yearly physical. Results come in, low iron. Dr prescribes iron tablets.

A week later the youngest son comes up to his mom with a problem. She asks what it is. The son says he's peeing bb's. Mom says thats fine, I put more iron in your diet.

Two weeks later the middle son comes up with his own problem. Says to his mom, I'm pooping bb's. She says you're fine, I put more iron in your diet.

A month after that the oldest son comes up with a problem. The mom says, lemme guess, you're peeing and pooping bb's. The son responds, well that is happening, but I was jacking off and shot the dog."
"A Waitress approached a Man sitting at the table." "Waitress: Are you ready to order sir.?

Man: Yes.

Waitress: What about your Wife.?

Man: She has popped to the bathroom.

Waitress: Do you know what she is having.?

Man: Well it's been 10 minutes, so probably a shit."
"I found a really small empty island." "It was nothing atoll."
"A programmer walks into a bar..." "Flips off the bartender and says ""two beers please!"""
"Why can’t Afghans watch TV?" "Because of the Tellyban"
"Why can’t Afghans can’t watch TV?" "Because of the Tellyban"
"A Woman went to confession." "Woman: I think I am pregnant.

Priest: How did this happen my child.?

Woman: I think it might have been the second coming.

Priest: What makes you think it's the second coming.?

Woman: Because I swallowed the first one father."
"What do you call a Cavemans fart?" "A blast from the distant past."
"My life" "That’s the joke."
"For our 20th wedding anniversary I took my wife to Italy" "Fir our 30th anniversary I'll go get her."
"What do you get when you cross a dirty politician and a womanizer?" Chelsea.
"A sign on a brothel reads:" "‘We’re closed, beat it’"
"Reza was walking the down the block" "He saw a man standing by himself laughing,
Curious, he went to ask the guy what is he laughing at. The guy said, I'm telling jokes to myself.
Just as Reza wanted to move past him
The guy started laughing hysterically
Then again reza aaked what happened
Then the guy responded:
I haven't heard the last one before"
"What's the difference between a psychiatrist and a psychopath?" "One has a job and the other one a mental illness"
"Do you know what robots like to eat for a snack?" "Micro chips"
"Do you know why I stop trusting trees?" "Because they are all a little shady"
"Do you know why I don’t trust trees anymore?" "They are all a little shady"
"What do robots like to eat for a snack?" "Micro chips"
"People with scoliosis are great." "You can joke with them about their condition, and they never get bent out of shape about it."
"Instead of calling Millennials Gen-Y..." "Call them Gen-duhrrr"
"What do you get when you cross a frog with a pig?" "A hamphibian."
"What do you call a penis that disappears?" "A Magic Johnson."
"My boss said he'd give me a bonus if I did an impression of a frog." "I jumped at the opportunity."
"A man’s printer started printing more and more faintly, so he called a local repair shop." "A friendly young man informed him, “Well, you could bring it in for a cleaning, but we charge $50 for that, so you might be better off just reading the manual and trying the job yourself.”

Pleasantly surprised by this candor, the man said, “Thanks, son. Does your boss know that you discourage business?”

“Actually, it was my boss’s idea,” said the young employee. “He says that if we let people try to fix things themselves first, we end up making even more money!”"
"Why won’t Amber Heard appear in Aquaman 2?" "Well because Johnny Depp will have beaten her to death by then 😞"
"Sarcasm walks into a bar full of Redditor’s" "
Not one of the redditors is aware of Sarcasms presence or downright existence, and he ends up looting the whole bar of its beer. He then walks out the front door and is not seen, realized, or acknowledged by the bar of Redditors. 

Sarcasm flew right over their heads, one could say."
"I made a joke about an airplane that never made it to it’s destination." "It’s a shame it didn’t land."
"I’m trying to mail my car, where do I put the stamp?" "I’m gonna leave my car in the post office parking lot tonight, but I don’t know where to put the stamp. I can’t find any postal regulations for this online.
Thank you in advance!"
"The chronicles of a bull and a wicked witch" "Once there lived a father and his 3 sons. The father had a bull that he was once gifted by his dead wife. One day the father woke up and saw that the bull had died. He became so sad that he started crying. There was a well in their backyard and a witch used to stay in there. Listening to crying old man she came out and offered the old man to bring back his bull to life if he is able to satisfy her sexually. But if he is failed to do so he'll die immediately.

The old man agreed and starting fucking the witch. But he couldn't please the witch and he died. Then the oldest son arrived at the scene so the unsatisfied witch offered the oldest son to bring back the bull and his father back to life.

Soon the oldest son started fucking the witch. He fucked her with all his strength but that wicked witch wasn't easy to please. The oldest son died. Then the second son arrived at the scene and the witch offered her the same deal and also to bring his big brother back to life. The same process went on and the middle son died too trying to please the witch.

Then the youngest son arrived. He heard the whole scenario from the witch and the witch offered her to bring back his family and the bull back to life if he's able to satisfy her. The youngest says ""Ok, I hope you don't die like the damn bull."""
"The only thing missing in my life is a good F." "Never mind, that’s a lie."
"A man gets on a bus," "and ends up sitting next to a very attractive nun. Enamored with her, he asks if he can have sex with her. Naturally, she says no, and gets off the bus. The man goes to the bus driver and asks him if he knows of a way for him to have sex with the nun. ""Well,"" says the bus driver, ""every night at 8 o'clock, she goes to the cemetery to pray. If you dress up as God, I'm sure you could convince her to have sex with you."" The man decides to try it, and dresses up in his best God costume. At eight, he sees the nun and appears before her. ""Oh, God!"" she exclaims. ""Take me with you!"" The man tells the nun that she must first have sex with him to prove her loyalty. The nun says yes, but tells him she prefers anal sex. Before you know it, they're getting down to it, having nasty, grunty, loud sex. After it's over, the man pulls off his God disguise. ""Ha, ha!"" he says, ""I'm the man from the bus!"" ""Ha, ha!"" says the nun, removing her costume, ""I'm the bus driver!"""
"My family disapproves of my vampire GF" "Take a look in the fucking mirror they said."
"My girlfriend broke up with me because of my “lack of vocabulary”…" "What’s that even supposed to mean?"
"Why is gambling banned in South Africa?" "Because there are too many cheetahs."
"A priest a pastor and a rabbit walked in to a blood donation clinic." "The nurse asked the rabbit “What is your blood type?” 

I am probably a type O said the rabbit"
"I asked my East German penfriend how life was like living under the Stasi" "He said 'Well, you know I can't complain.'"
"I once took a test on waving signal flags." "They told me I passed with flying colors."
"Had an argument with a Medusa a while ago." "We never saw eye to eye"
"Long stare" "Had an argument with a Medusa yesterday.

We'll never end up seeing eye to eye."
"Condoms, ha!" "Those are for pussies"
"My girlfriend is like the square root of -100." "A solid 10, but also imaginary."
"What's the difference between God and the Pope?" "God doesn't suffer from delusions of Popehood."
"Why do not dinosaurs eat clowns?" "Because they taste funny."
"The founder of Westboro Baptist Church heard his congregation was protesting today. He decided to join them to show his support." "As soon as he saw the signs they were carrying he was appalled.

""I said God hates *figs*! God hates **FIGS**!"""
"My friend wants to get the 25th letter of the alphabet tattooed on her behind." "I had to ask, ""but why?"""
"I used to hate people who make Mitch Hedberg jokes...." "But then I thought, he’s been gone awhile and I bet he’d appreciate that people even remember him.

I still hate them though, just for different reasons..."
"I watched a really interesting porn detectivee yesterday." "In the end, everyone did it."
"Kid going to his first day of school, he looks worried, his dad asks him ""What's wrong?""" "Nervous, the kid asks,  ""How long do I have to go to school for?""

""Until you're 18"" says the father.

The kid nods, and thinks about this quietly.

=== =====

When they get to the front gates of the school, the kid says ""Dad, you will remember to come and get me when I'm 18, won't you?"""
"What do electricians say after returning from a long trip ?" "Ω sweet Ω"
"Homeless we are, so my wife and I slept in a cemetery the other night." "Her: ""I don't mind dead people""

Me: ""You don't mind me and I'm alive"""
"After the car crash that left me brain-damaged, things were really looking down" "
I used to be a crustaceologist that specialised in lobsters. I loved what I did, but I couldn't even get out of the house on my own after the accident, much less go to work. I fell into a deep depression.


My scientist friends wanted to cheer me up, and so they engineered a robot lobster that I could take care of. It was incredibly smart and slowly became my best friend. It was incredibly friendly and playful. It made every day a little bit brighter. I loved it like my own child. I named it Amy, after my beloved daughter that had moved away. For the first time since my disability, I started to feel truly happy. Motivated, I decided to go for brain surgery and finally get past the entire incident. It was risky, but I made it through. Life is better than its ever been now, and I owe it all to that one robot that changed it all.


Everything is so much better now, all thanks to my Lob-bot amy."
"what do you call a tea for bi people?" "bisexualtea

(this is very stupid and i am gonna get ignored and downvoted)"
"I saw someone throwing up gang signs..." "They were bulimic."
"A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich" "A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich
behind him.  The waitress asks them for their orders. 
The man says, ""A hamburger, fries and a coke,""
and turns to the ostrich, ""What's yours?""
""I'll have the same,"" says the ostrich. A
short time later the waitress returns with the order
""That will be $9.40 please,"" and the man reaches
into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment
The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the
man says, ""A hamburger, fries and a coke.""  The
ostrich says, ""I'll have the same."" Again the
man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.
This becomes routine until the two enter again. ""The
usual?"" asks the waitress.
""No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak,
baked potato and a salad,"" says the man.
""Same,"" says the ostrich.
Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, ""That
will be $32.62.""  Once again the man pulls the exact
change out of his pocket and places it on the table.

T he waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer.
""Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up
with the exact change in your pocket every time?""

""Well,"" says the man, ""several years ago I
was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed
it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes.  My first
wish was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would
just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money
would always be there.""
""That's brilliant!"" says the waitress.
""Most people would ask for a million dollars or
something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for
as long as you live!""
""That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk
or a Rolls Royce, the exact money is always there,""
says the man.
The waitress asks, ""What's with the ostrich?""

The man sighs, pauses and answers, ""My second wish was
for a tall chick with a big butt and long legs who agrees
with everything I say."""
"My dad had six nuts" "Me, my two brothers, and three sisters"
"My english teacher really made a really big impact on my life" "He ran onto the freeway in a suicide attempt and I ended up hitting him."
"Animal Farm 2021" "On the Happy Little Farm, the chicken coop was set up right next to the pasture.  For the most part, the various farm animals coexisted peacefully in the bucolic setting, with each species minding their own business.  Every animal got what they needed, and life was serene. 

But one morning, Clancy Chicken was making his rounds and noticed that a few hens had wandered to the other side of the pasture, some time before daybreak.  As he hastened over to help, he discovered that they were shivering uncontrollably in the brisk morning air.   In desperation, they had moved up alongside some cows that were queued for milking, seeking some relief from the bovines' body warmth. 

At first, the cows didn't notice.  But a few began to bustle about, irritated by the intrusion.  Carl the Cow took notice of the mounting tension, scrambling to take control of the situation before things got ugly.   ""Ya know Clancy, ya really should keep a closer eye on yer coop!""   

But by then, it was too late.  A muffled squawk arose from the din... then all fell silent. 

The moral of this story?   Chilled hens should be screened and not herded."
"So I was rewatching old seasons of spongebob and found this joke" "Spongebob: *changes his shape to look like Texas*

Also Spongebob: “hey Patrick what do I look like”

Patrick: “stupid”

Spongebob: “no I’m Texas”

Patrick: “what’s the difference”

*both laugh*
(I thought this might be relevant considering the mess in Texas right now about abortion, so here’s a spongebob joke)"
"Retired US Marine..." "... had decided, that he had enough. So he goes, gets a rowboat and goes rowing towards Atlantic Ocean chanting: ""1 2 3 Marine Corps, Marine Corps"". 

God sees this and goes:""Huh, this guy wants to die, it seems. Well I am going to be a dong and make him die in a most roundabout way"" 

So he removes his brain. He stops for a second, but keeps going, chanting the same thing. God looks and is confused:""What in my name is happening?"" He thinks a little and removes his heart. He stops again, only to return to his usual way of rowing and chanting.

So God thinks and says:""This one should do it"" and removes his testicles. Marine stops. God is there being all happy like, wondering that he won yet again. Only to hear:""In the navy, in the navy! You can sail all the seven seas! In the navy, in the navy!"""
"I did surgery on a detective today..." "...it was an open and shut case."
"Trash joke" "First time here
The coronavirus can be labeled as made in china?"
"A jewish man, a muslim man and a transexual woman walks into a bar" "And the bartender says:

GET THE FUCK OUT!!!"
"What do you call a tour bus at a PE convention?" "Hop-On, Hop-Off"
"John committed many sins, but he returned to his barn where he would pray to Jesus for forgiveness..." "...He was a barn again Christian..."
"Help, I (39M) think my boyfriend might be gay." "Need advice.  I (39M) think my boyfriend is possibly into guys."
"My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot." "It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away."
"I tried bidding on a shopping center in a real estate auction, but I was outbid at the last minute. I guess the old saying is true:" "You can't win a mall."
"I went to the zoo the other day. It was empty, except for a single dog...." "&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

It was a Shih Tzu"
"There's a pair of twins, Ivan and Oliver Peterson." "They both became doctors. Not medical doctors, but doctors in meteorology.

They study the rain. You know,

Dr.I.P.

Dr.O.P."
"I don't like Clowns" "Why? Do they Scare You?



No, They taste funny."
"Where do procrastinators live?" "In Neverland."
"How do you catch a polar bear?" "You cut a large hole in the ice. Line the outside of the hole with peas. When the bear comes up to take a pea, kick him in the ice hole."
"As I was walking past a field, I heard tic-tic-tic moo BANG!!!" " It was abominable."
"Why did the the trains get arrested?" "&gt;!Because they had loco motives.!&lt;"
"A man walks into a bar with a cat..." """Hey, we don't allow cats in here!"" the bartender says. 

But the man objects. ""This isn't just any fucking cat,"" he drunkenly slurs. ""This is a very special cat. I've taught him to do fucking math!""

The bartender is skeptical. ""*You* personally taught *that* cat to do math?"" he asks.

""You fucking betcha!"" the man explains between hiccups. ""Ask him any fucking question from the entire goddamn times table, you fucking asshole!""

The bartender laughs. ""Fine,"" he says turning to the cat. ""What's 7 times 8?""

""Jesus fucking Christ,"" the cat replies. ""That's the hardest fucking one to remember!"""
"I phoned up the wine shop." "I said, ""Hi, there! Do you guys do deliveries?""

He said, ""Yes, sir. Of course. And we'd be glad to do one for you.""

""Superb,"" I said. ""Because I've got a Domino's Pizza ready to pick up."""
"I went to the doctor to get a prescription for my alcoholism." " ""What's the cost of this prescription?"" I asked him.

""£450,"" he said.

I said, ""Crikey, and what are the side effects?""

""Drowsiness, nausea, headaches.."" he mentioned.

""I'll decline,"" I said. ""It seems cheaper just to get drunk."""
"A man gets his test results back from his doctor" "Doctor: I’m afraid it’s bad news, as we initially feared I regret to tell you that it’s terminal.

Man: Oh no, how long do I have left to live?

Doctor: Five.

Man: Five what!? Five years? Five months!? Five weeks!?

Doctor: Four."
"Why people who have their own business always have a lot of work?" "It's just busyness."
"EDM clubs are trippy." "But England's right-back is Trippier."
"Why people who have their own business always have a lot of work?" "It's just busyness."
"Did you hear?" "A Farmer stood in his field for 4 nights to win a Nobel Prize.


He heard, to win a Nobel Prize you have to be outstanding in your field."
"A young man once asked “is it gay to shave your anus?”" "And the wise man replied “whoever cleans his own house is because he’s waiting for visitors”"
"Why people who have their own business always have a lot of work?" "It's just busyness."
"There was a guy who was named Mark Shit" "But he didn't liked his name, so he changed to Tony Shit"
"Took my wife to the doctor." "We needed to try and sort her Tourettes out.


Turns out she is fine, I am a cunt and she really

Does want me to fuck off."
"They actually stopped manufacturing glitter in 1972" "We just haven’t gotten it out of everything yet."
"My cousin and I have been challenging each other to contests for the last 55 years!" "He beat me once and now thinks he's won the bloody European championship!"
"Do you know why Mexican soccer players are bad?" "Because they can’t get green cards."
"""Doc, my hearing is failing! I can't even hear myself fart!""" """Here, take these pills daily for a week.""

""Will they make me hear better?""

""No, they'll make you fart louder."""
"I found a huge pile of plasticine in my blazer pocket this morning." "I don't know what to make of it."
"Exam By Chance, The Odds Are Great" "A young student reported for a final examination that consisted of only true false questions.

The student took a seat in the hall, stared at the test for five minutes, removed a coin from his pocket and started tossing the coin and marking the answer sheet. Heads meant true, tails meant false.

The young student finished the exam in 30 minutes, while the rest of the class was sweating it out.

Suddenly, during the last few minutes, the young student began desperately throwing the coin and sweating profusely.

The moderator, alarmed, approached the student and asked what was going on.

""Well, I finished the exam in half an hour,"" said the student, ""but I thought I ought to recheck my answers."""
"A general noticed one of his soldiers behaving oddly." " The soldier would pick up any piece of paper he found, frown and say,

""That's not it"" and put it down again. This went on for some time, until the general arranged to have the soldier psychologically tested. The psychologist concluded that the soldier was deranged, and wrote out his discharge from the army.

The soldier picked it up, smiled and said, ""That's it."""
"Here's a heartwarming story about how a difference is made when one gives a child the gift of your time..." "A young family moved into a house next door to a vacant lot. One day, a construction crew came in and began building a house on the empty lot. The family's 5-year-old daughter became interested in all the activity going on next door and spent much of each day observing the workers.

Eventually, they chatted with her, let her sit with them while they took coffee and lunch breaks, and gave her little but safe non dangerous jobs to do here and there to make her feel important.

At the end of the first week, the men presented her with a pay envelope which contained 2.00. The little girl took this home to her mother and father both of who were equally impressed and"" asked the little girl how she had earned her very own pay check at such a young age. The child proudly replied: ""I worked last week with the crew building the house next door to us.""

""My goodness gracious,"" said the teller, ""and will you be working on the house again this week, too?""

The little girl replied, ""Hell yeah , i bet your ass .I will coz  those cunts bring their assholes again at the fucking plot next week..."""
"Do you think Hank Hill is into bdsm?" "I mean he sell pro-pain and pro-pain accessories"
"What do you call a hand job in a cow pasture?" "A beef jerky."
"I have a joke about nihilism" "but I guess it doesn't matter"
"I once had a case of diarrhea." "Airport security wouldn't let it through."
"NSFW. Y do nice guys finish last....." "Because our ladies always cum first."
"Have you heard about helium prices?" "They’re up."
"My on and off Lego girlfriend" "and I have been going strong for a while now. 

But the last breakup we had, I was left alone to pick up the pieces."
"She swore to me she used an enema before we had anal sex" "turns out she was full of shit.

&amp;#x200B;

(apologies if a similar joke has been done before)"
"What does a nun wear to a casino?" "A gambling habit"
"I saw my dad slumped over the lawn mower on the lawn." "so I asked my mum 'what's wrong with him?'

she replied, 'he's just going through a rough patch'"
"Why are German cats so relaxed?" "Because they are KatZen"
"I dropped a huge bottle of ketchup on my foot yesterday...." "It caused severe pain To-ma-toes."
"Why did the people around Chernobyl die?" "They just couldn't handle the neutron style."
"Why was Helen Keller such a bad driver?" "She was a woman."
"British people are so offended by everything!" "One day, I was in UK, and I shouted out loud in public: “I HATE FAGGOTS!”

A group of people came up to me, and they were like: “that’s not cool. You shouldn’t say something like that.”

And so I told them: “chill, I was talking about gays, not your food!”"
"A patient is talking to his therapist." "Patient: (whispering) *I'm afraid of the 25th letter of the alphabet*

Therapist: Why?

*terrified screaming*"
"I plugged my phone into a power bank and now it has an arrest record..." "it was charged with battery"
"People ask why i fish groups of fish with a gun," "I shoot groups of fish because they are schools."
"I'm quite accepting of my issues, and quick to admit to myself my faults." "Good thing I don't have any."
"Bigger in Texas" "A blind man visits Texas. When he gets to his hotel room, he feels the bed. “Wow, this bed is big!”

“Everything is big in Texas,” says the bellhop.

The man heads downstairs to the bar, settles into a huge barstool and orders a beer. A mug is placed between his hands. “Wow these drinks are big!”

The bartender replies, “Everything is big in Texas.”

After downing a few, the blind man asks where the bathroom is. “Second door to the right,” says the bartender.

The blind man heads for the bathroom but accidentally enters the third door, which leads to the swimming pool, and he falls in. Popping his head up from under the water and flailing his arms, he shouts, “Don’t flush, don’t flush!”"
"A British guy walks into a pub, goes up to the bar, and orders three pints. He sits down, and over the course of the evening, drinks all three, then wanders out." "He does this again the following night, and again the night after that. Finally, the bartender asks him why he just doesn’t order one pint, finish it, then order the second, drink that one, then order the third.

The guy replies, “I have two brothers who I love. When we were younger, we would always go out drinking together and have a great time. But when we grew up and went our separate ways, we made a pact that whenever we went to a bar, we would have three drinks in memory of the times when we three were together.”

The bartender and the other patrons think this is a wonderfully heartwarming story, and the man continues to drink in this manner every time he comes in. Months and years go by, and it becomes just another quirk and the man soon becomes a regular fixture at the place.

Then one day, the man comes in and only orders two pints. Quickly the other patrons notice, and a solemn silence fills the room as he drinks his two. Finally the bartender comes over and says, “We want to offer our condolences. We couldn’t help but notice you’re only drinking two pints now. Is everything okay with your brothers?”

The man looks startled, then laughs. “No, they’re both fine. It’s just that I converted to Mormonism recently and had to quit drinking.”"
"Wife: Why are you late?" "There was a man who lost a hundred dollar bill.

Wife: That's nice. Were you helping him look for it?

No, I was standing on it."
"I saw a baby owl caught in the rain." "It was a moist owlet."
"Ask the Doc" "The famous sex therapist was on the radio taking questions when a caller asked, ‘Doctor, why do men always want to marry a virgin?’ 

To which the doctor responded, ‘To avoid criticism.’"
"Microwave be like" Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
"How can old people get youthful hairdos overnight?" "Vidal Cocoon"
"What is a penis?" "There is a little boy and a little girl in the woods. The little girl asked the boy, ""What is a penis?"" The boy replied, ""I don't know."" At that time he hears his mom calling him for lunch. He goes home and eats his lunch. Then he sees his dad on the couch. He goes up to his dad and asks him, ""What is a penis?"" The dad whips his out and says to the boy, ""This is a penis, as a matter of fact this is the perfect penis."" The boy leaves to go find his friend and brings her to the woods. The girl again asks him what a penis is. He whips out his penis and says to her, ""This is a penis, and if it was two inches smaller it would be the perfect penis!"""
"Two guys are at a party and are waiting in line for a drink, telling jokes to pass the time..." "Suddenly one of them receives an Amazon parcel.  
  
""Well that was an unexpected punch line delivery!"""
"What happened to the teams from the group of death in the Euros 2020?" "None survived."
"My mom said to follow my dreams" "So I went back to bed!"
"It's way too hot out there" "And some people have onlyfans."
"Russian Roulette is pretty easy" "Just ask anyone who’s played, they all say they won"
"A masochist says, “Hit me” to a sadist." "The sadist replies, “No.”"
"What do you call two crows sitting on a branch" "Attempted murder"
"I had a classmate named Hunter but he was vegan" "So everyone called him Gatherer"
"What's the difference between ignorance, and indifference?" "I don't know, and I don't care."
"I hate gay men" "They're a pain in my ass"
"An airplane full of a shipment of Pepsi flying over Africa had a malfunction...." "... and went down. A few weeks later, Pepsi sent a rescue plane. They searched the area and found a tribe of cannibals. They walked up to the Chief of the tribe and asked him if he knew anything about the crash. The Chief said, ""Yeah."" When asked where the crew was, the Chief replied, ""We ate the crew, and we drank the Pepsi."" The rescue crew was shocked. One man asked, ""Did you eat their legs?"" The chief replied, ""We ate their legs, and we drank the Pepsi."" Another rescuer asked, ""Did you eat their arms?"" The Chief said, ""We ate their arms, and we drank the Pepsi."" After looking totally perplexed for a minute, a third asked, ""Did you... you know...eat their...ah, err, 'things'?"" The chief said, ""No."" ""No?"" asked the rescuer. ""No,"" replied the Chief. ""Things go better with Coke."""
"My ex-girlfriend had this weird fetish" "She liked to dress up like herself and act like a raging bitch all the time"
"I like my music just like I like girls" "With a big fat (b)ass"
"I think Dating minors is ok" "If you're a minor"
"Frank, Ron, and Steve, all avid golfers, die and meet Saint Peter at the Pearly Gates…" "Saint Peter says “Behind these gates is the most beautiful golf course you could ever imagine, all you need is a set of clubs.”

Saint Peter turns to Frank and asks, “How many times did you cheat on your spouse?” Frank, ashamed of himself, answers “About a dozen times.” 

“Tsk tsk” mumbles Saint Peter, shaking his head. “If you are sorry for your infidelity I will grant you access to this heavenly course and some golf clubs.”

“Oh I am very sorry” replies Frank. Saint Peter nods, and hands Frank a bag of old, wooden golf clubs.

Ron steps up and receives the same question from Saint Peter, “How many times?” Ron answers sheepishly “I was unfaithful twice and for that I am sorry”. Saint Peter hands Ron a bag of gently used Titleist clubs.

Steve’s turn. Without skipping a beat he beams with pride and states that he was never unfaithful. And so Saint Peter hands Steve a brand new set of Callaways and opens the gates for the three to enter. 

All three are enjoying their round when, out of nowhere, Steve crumples to the ground sobbing. The other two run over to see what’s wrong. “Dude, what’s going on?” asks Frank, “you were faithful and you have the nicest set of clubs on the course, what could possibly be bothering you this much?!” 

Blubbering loudly, Steve manages to say “I just saw my wife out on the course!” 

“That’s great!” exclaims Ron. 

“No it’s not!!!” cries Steve. “She was playing golf with a pool cue and a hockey stick!”"
"What do you call a woman who only dates you because you have air conditioning?" "A cold digger."
"How can you tell if a fish is a Swedish fish?" "It only has Finns on one side."
"You know what you get when you eat too much Swiss cheese?" "Holy Shit."
"I don't know why people get weirded out when I tell them I'm a necromancer." "What is wrong in finding necks attractive."
"An oldie from my grandfather." "The night was dark.
The sky was blue.
And, down the ally the shitwagon flew.
A bump was hit.
A scream was heard.
A man was killed by a flying turd."
"My brother used to constantly ask me what was in the box" "Like god dammit,we were at a funeral and i felt so akward"
"What is Michael J. Fox called in Saudi Arabia?" Sheikh.
"I lost my Uno deck the other day." "Guess I’ll have to go get a new one."
"I found a place where the recycling rate is 98%" r/Jokes
"A kid and an unknowing man are paired together on Omegle…" "“M”, the man begins.

“Do you want to play video games with me?”, the kid asks.

“Sorry, but I don’t know you”, the man replies.

The kid responds, “Ok, F. Now will you play?”

“Why do you think that would make me want to play video games with you?”, the man queries.

The kid explains, “Well, I don’t know what it means, but whenever someone on here says ‘M’ and I say ‘F’, they magically say yes.”"
"I held a creative writing seminar at a women’s prison last month" "How did it go? Well, it had its prose and cons."
"I know a film director that only hires overweight actors and actresses, even if they're terrible." "I think it's flabbercasting."
"Bob forgot his wedding anniversary" "His wife was mad. She told him “tomorrow morning, I expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds AND IT BETTER BE THERE!!!” 

The next morning she saw a big gift wrapped box in the driveway. She rushed out, opened it and found a brand new bathroom scale."
"What do you call a depressed elector?" "A down voter."
"people refusing to take a covid vaccine" "without a good medical reason. That's it."
"A man playing on a new golf course got confused as to what hole he was on. He saw a lady playing ahead of him, so he walked up to her and asked if she knew what hole he was playing..." " She replied, “I’m on the 7th hole and you’re a hole behind me, so you must be on the 6th hole.”

He thanked her and went back to his golf.

On the back nine, the same thing happened and he approached the lady, again with the same request.

She said, “I’m on the 14th, you are a hole behind me, so you must be on the 13th.”

Once again, he thanked her.

He finished his round, went into the club house and saw the lady sitting at the end of the bar.

He went up to her and said, “Let me buy you a drink to show my appreciation for your help.”

He started a conversation and asked her what kind of work she did.

She said she was in sales and he said he was in sales also.

He asked what she sold.

She replied, “If I told you, you would only laugh.”

“No, I wouldn’t.” he said.

She said, “I sell tampons.”

With that he fell on the floor laughing so hard.

She said, “See, I knew you would laugh.”

“That’s not what I’m laughing at!” he replied. “I’m a toilet paper salesman, so I’m STILL one hole behind you!”"
"When I was younger, friends back at school used to call me Spider-Man. Throughout my childhood, I was under the impression that they did so, because I was quite flexible and could climb on almost anything." "It took me years to finally realize that it was because my ***uncle was murdered.***"
"The Cowboy &amp; The Horse" "1880s:  A cowboy has got paid &amp; goes to the local saloon. He walks in &amp; orders ""2 fingers"" of whiskey. He then notices a Horse tethered to the bar, with a large jar full of Silver Dollars next to it.

Cowboy: Excuse me, barkeep, what's with the horse INSIDE the bar?

Barkeep: We run a competition. It costs a $1 to enter. If you can make the horse laugh, you win the jar of money.

Cowboy: Here's my $1.

 He goes over to the horse &amp; whispers in it's ear. The horse rears it's head, &amp; laughs SO HARD, that it pees all over the floor.
The cowboy collects his winnings, buys the whole bar a drink &amp; leaves w/out another word.

The following month, he returns &amp; again, orders ""2 fingers"" of whiskey. He sees the horse still tethered to the bar. He asks if he can have another go.

Barkeep:  We've altered the rules. This time, W/OUT causing any pain, you have to make the horse CRY. 😢

Cowboy: That's not a problem, here's my $1, but I WILL need to take the horse out back.

He goes outside with the horse, &amp; the WHOLE bar falls silent. A few moments later, they hear the horse burst into tears. The cowboy returns to the bar, ties the horse up (still crying), collects his winnings &amp; buys the bar a round before walking towards the door.

Barkeep: Hold up a second, pardner,  what gives?  Last month, you made the horse laugh. It took a week to calm him down. This time, you've made him cry (I notice you didn't hurt him, so thanks for that), what's the secret?

Cowboy: Well, last month, I told him that I had a bigger dick than him &amp; he laughed. 😅
This month I PROVED IT."
"New minority?" "Who is the most oppressed minority in the 2020's?

Straight white men!"
"How did the riot police get to work on time?" "By beating the crowd."
My Life
"I when the" "Are how when you the so the very for"
"A guy halts his car near a prostitutes." "„How much for a blowjob“ he asks.
„50“ she answers.
„Great, hop in“ he says.

She gets in the car, takes the $50 and gets down on him. After she‘s done, the guy says „That was so hot, here‘s another $100 just for you.“ She‘s surprised but pleased. She takes the money and gets out of the car.

The next night, the guy halts with his car near the same prostitute and asks „How much for fucking?“. „200“ she replies. He agrees, she hops in the car and they drive off to shag somewhere in a dark alley. When they‘re done, he thanks her for the great sex and gives her additional $150. Again, supersized but pleased, she leaves him and he drives off.

The next night, the dude shows up again and asks the same prostitute „How much for anal?“. „300“ she replies. He agrees, she gets in his car and they drive to the same dark alley and get freaky. After they‘re done, he gives her additional $200.

„Why do you keep giving me that much money?“ She asks.
„Are you Mary Smith from Greenville who moved out last year to become an actress?“ 
„Um… yes… why?“

„Your mother says hello and sends you $1000“."
"My little daughter came to me all excited, saying, “Daddy! Daddy! Guess how old I’ll be this August!” I chuckled, “Oh I don’t know princess, why don’t you tell me?” She gave me a huge smile and held up four fingers." "
It’s now three hours later, the police are annoyed and she *still* won’t say where she got them!"
"Once you realize that you don't need a special occasion to buy a cake, the second part of your life begins." "That second part is called diabetes."
"Vincent, did it hurt when you lost you ear?" "No, I cut it off in One Gogh."
"My wife suggested a new hobby for me" "DIY Wednesday"
"Oh you made your bed today?!" "You should look up Jordan Peterson!"
"At an Irish wedding reception" "the D.J. yelled, ""Would all married men please stand next to the one person who has made your life worth living.”

The bartender was almost crushed.."
"There's a few new sports at this year's Olympics. There's skateboarding and rock climbing and one just for albinos." "Bleach volleyball."
"You're admirable" "You're warm and welcoming, but you also can take a pounding without complaint. It feels good to be with you - and I have to think about you a lot. What I mean to say is... You're a cunt"
"He went to the doctor" "Doctor every time I drink tea my eyes hurt and I really like tea , the doctor order him a cup of tea , after the guy drink it and start complaining of pain 
The doctor said I think removing the spoon would really help with the pain ."
"I was stuck at this boring get-together so I told everyone that I was gonna grab a couple of cold ones and head out…" "I didn’t think it was a big deal but everyone at the funeral home was freaking out."
idk "naked / nude / girl's brain           - a prisoner"
"Why do volleyball beach players have tanned bodies?" "Because they wake up, enjoy their fruit mix barley breakfast, and go on to utilize the local tanning bed facilities in their local region   


Am i doing this rite"
"My girlfriend complains that she has a headache that just won't go away." "I keep telling her I have a name."
"I once made love to a woman with twelve breasts..." "Sounds nice, *doesn't it*?"
"Why are Olympic beach volleyballers so tanned?" "Because they have usually have to practice the sport they nominated and found passion in, outside, in the sun, where there is no shelter. So the sun shines on them and makes them more tanned"
"What’s white and runny?" "A pair of trainers"
"Little Johnny comes home from school with teary eyes" "Mom asks him:
 - what's wrong sweetheart?
As little Johnny begins to cry he says:
- all the kids at school were making fun of my large mouth.
Mom comforts him saying:
- oh, dear Johnny, you know that ain't true! Now come on now, I've prepared soup for dinner so go wash your hands. I've already prepared a bowl and your favourite showel for you at the table."
"Archangel Michael has just created a duck-goose with giant teeth and wants to show his magnificent creation to God." "He comes to God's presence and says: ""look what beauty I made, I'm just not sure where to put it""
God thinks for a moment and says: ""how about you put it in Australia with all the other nonsense you've created."""
"How do crabs keep in touch with each other?" "On shellphones!"
"What do you call a masticating masturbator?" "Beef stroganoff."
"“Oops! Babe I forgot to use protection.”" "Gf: Oh my god….r u kidding me..
I cracked a wry smile as I figured this was my first dad joke."
"Chuck Norris came into contact with the Coronavirus" "The virus is now in quarantine for at least 14 days."
"Trump, Putin and Angela Merkel stand by a Lake." "Trump brags: ""Our Submarines can stay submerged for five years and still have plenty of fuel and food left!""

Putin says: ""That's nothing, our Subs can do this for 10 years!""

Before Merkel can reply, a giant Submarine emerges from the Lake, and a Guy looks down on them and says: ""Heil Hitler, we need Fuel!"""
"John Williams announces retirement from music. The legendary composer will focus on creating sustainable alternative energy sources and is hopeful about certain species of Palm trees being the solution" "It's the Fuel of the Dates."
"My GF said she was fed up with me acting like a detective.She wanted to split up." "I said,Good Idea,That way we can cover more ground!"
"What do you call a boat that comes in second place?" "The Rudder-Up"
"My sandwich had a bomb inside" "I think I might have explosive diarrhoea"
"Why do the athletes sweat a lot more at these Olympics than at the last ones?" "There are no fans. (I'll let myself out)"
"A hippo comes to the doctor with a frog on his head." "Doctor: what can I help you with? 
The frog replies: Doctor, something is on my butt."
"What are the pronouns of church choir members?" He/Hymm
"What do you call a hentai-themed band?" "My tentacle romance."
"How is a family in Alabama like 3 in relation to 9, or 7 in relation to 49?" "It has been multiplied by itself."
"Why do liberals hate dentists?" "Because dentists make teeth straight and white."
"What do F1 cars and first person shooters have in common?" "a Halo."
"John was trapoed in a fire" "John was trapped in a fire desperately searching fir a way out when he heard the door burst open. A fireman entered the room and started crying.
""Thank god I found you man"" 
John smiled back and said
""Okay lets get out of here""
The fire man looked him straight in the eyes and told him

""Oh, the team abadoned the building, I just didn't want to die alone"""
"What is both minute and comes after sixty seconds." "My dick."
"What do you call Jackie Chan when he’s being a jackass on 4chan?" "Jackass 4Chan"
"I wish I knew the metric system so I could fat shame people in kilos" 
"What do Jawas do if they disapprove of how the sandcrawler is being run?" Mutinni!
"I tell you a joke about a zoo and microsoft :)" "A man walks into a zoo. 

The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. 

**Its a Shitzu.**

&amp;#x200B;

Someone stole my microsoft office and i will let them pay**.**

You have my **Word.**

(I know it these jokes are bad but kinda funny tho ;)"
"Japanese Rakugo story" "I heard this traditional comic story told by an old Rakugo performer. 

Am old laborer who was so poor he couldn’t afford side dishes for his lunch ate a small amount of plain white rice every midday. Lacking any variety in flavor in his meals he would sit outside an Eel restaurant and enjoy the delicious smells of barbecue eel. He was take a long sniff of the air and then a bite of rice. Another sniff of eel and then rice. After a few weeks of this the owner of the eel shop got irritated and one day when he was in a bad mood he came out and betrayed the old laborer. “Every day you sit out here and enjoy the sweet aroma of my food but never buy anything from me. You’re taking advantage of my hard efforts. I demand you pay me for all the pleasure you have had from my cooking.” The laborer said, “you want me to pay you for smelling your food but not eating it?” The paneer said, “Yes, I insist.” The laborer then took his coin purse out of his kimono, held it up in the air and shook it so the coins jingled and said, “There you go.” and put the coin purse away."
"The burial of young Paddy" "Father McGreggor stood at the gravesite as the body was lowered into the ground and looked at the crowd gathered around. It was a solemn crowd as one would expect. The rain started to drizzle, as was appropriate for this cliche and the dark earth swallowed up the light as Patty McPherson was laid to rest. The priest decided to say a few words.
""We all know Patty were'a kind soul."" He started. ""A man who was always willing t'lend a hand t'those in need. He was a simple soul... not troubled by t'burden of deep thought, no'even simple logic. He was honest man. None of us are surprised he offered t'help Mr Doyle with work on 'is farm. None of us are surprised he was willing t'pitch in when the help was needed. A few of us, maybe, were a tad surprised at Mr Doyle taking him up on the offer, considering Patty's previous attempts at helping Mrs O'Sullivan and the incident with the Sea Bass. Some of us were, I don't think that it's too strong t'say, dumbfounded that our Patty were given use of a cart and access to the livestock, after the disaster that was the apple delivery service that young Patty was involved in last season.""
""But I don't think anyone was surprised at the generosity o'spirit o'this young man. Nor were anyone truly surprised about t'outcome. We all wonder what could've been different. We wonder if someone might have seen him, to advise against hooking up the prize bull to cart. We wonder if it had been a different time o'year, if the O'leary cow hadn't been on heat.  We all wonder what would have been different if he'd decided to check his hitches on that bull's tether. But the good lord knows none of us were surprised to hear the outcome.""
""So it is with sadness that we learn a lesson from young Patty. We know now that if you have hooked up a bull to a cart of manure, it's unwise to try to add to that pile, no matter how strong t'call of nature may be. And so we pray that Patty may find his eternal reward in heaven for this lesson he has taught us. We pray too that Old Missus Doyal can one day forget the sight of poor Patty, pants around his ankles riding the hurtling cart of manure across two fields like a scared, dimwitted jockey.""
""Amen"""
"What's Putin's favorite PornHub category?" "MILFs, because he loves fucking Mother Russia"
"What does a black American and an unvaccinated American have in common?" "“I can’t breathe”"
"My food delivery drivers keep eating my food" "That's why now I always wait secretly at the restaurant I ordered and catch them in the act!"
"Which month really blows?" August
"Can February March?" "No, but April May"
"A Father asked for a glass of water from his son." "Son: Dad i'm playing game , i can't bring it.

Second Son: Dad he is hoiden , don't ask from him Just go and bring it yourself."
"A barista asks a man, how do you like your coffee? The man replied, “I like my coffee like I like my women…." "ground up and in the freezer”…"
"A greek and an Irish were comparing their heritages." """We built the pantheon, along with the Temple of Apollo"", said the Greek.

""Aye, 'twas the Irish the discovered the Summer and Winter Solstices"", replied the Irish.

""But it was the Greeks who gave birth to advanced mathematics.""

""Granted, but was the Irish who built the first timepieces.""

Knowing that he is about to deliver the coup de grace, the son of Athens pointed out with a note of finality, ""Keep in mind that it was the ancient Greeks who established the notion of sex as a pleasurable activity!""

""True enough, ..."" replied the Son of Erin.

""But it was the Irish that got the women involved!""

""This joke is historically INACCURATE!"", groaned Reddit."
"How many grades does Dog School have?" K-9
"What did the First Mate see when he went to the bathroom?" "The Captains Log"
"How did women get the attention they needed way back in ancient China?" "They rang the Gongnecologist"
"Why can’t you hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom?" "Because the P is silent!"
"A new farmer from the city" "He's given up on city life and dropped everything and bough 20 acres in the country. 

The problem is he doesn't know anything about farming. So he goes to the feed store to ask some friendly farmers for some help in the right direction. 

Luckily an old farmer there is happy to see young blood interested in the craft. He says, ""you'll want to buy a tractor to plow, and disk..""

The new farmer interrupts, ""I'm sorry I don't have any more money for fancy equipment, I spent it on the land.""

The old guy says, ""well you'll have to do things the old fashioned way. Come by my farm, I've got an old donkey that can pull a small plow. He'll be good for a season.""

Happy enough, he drives his Prius over to the old farmers ranch and quickly realizes the donkey isn't going to fit in the car. He's going to have to walk it back to his farm.

The old farmer says, ""Now this ass is a bit stubborn.""

""Ass?"" Asks the new farmer.

""That's what we call 'em. So anyway if the ass doesn't want to walk or plow just scratch him behind the ears and he'll get moving again.""

Pleased, the new farmer starts walking home.

He passes another farmhouse and us questioned on why he's walking a donkey so far. The story is told and that farmer says he'll donate a hen. 

""This here's a pullet hen. She should lay you some eggs.""

He tucked the hen under one arm and down the road he went. Then another farmer sees him.

""One hen isn't going to get you many eggs. You'll need lots of chickens. Here's a cock. It will fertilize some eggs and you can raise more chickens.""

Very happy now, the new farmer tucks the rooster under the other arm and leads the donkey home. 

Suddenly the donkey stops and pulling the rope isn't making it budge. He's got his arms full and is afraid to let go of either chicken. 

Next thing you know a beautiful young woman comes walking up the road. She asks him if he needs any help.

Well he doesn't want to appear stupid, but he does need help. 

""Yes miss, can you hold my cock and pullet, while I scratch my ass?"""
"A man opens Reddit in his computer." "He goes to r/memes. It’s the same memes reposted everyday.

He goes to r/MadeMeSmile. Reposts.

He goes to r/jokes. Reposts.

He goes to r/AskReddit. Same questions.

And the list goes on. The man visits every single sub and finds the same content everyday. Finally, he gets fed up with the bullshit and goes to a seer for enlightenment.

“O learned man. I’m tired of seeing the same stuff on Reddit. What do I do?” he asks. The seer tells him, “Meditate in a forest for six months and come out and see. The world would have changed and so would have Reddit.” 

The man reluctantly does what he is told. Six months later, he logs into Reddit and to his dismay, nothing had changed.

The man is now furious. He goes to the seer and shouts angrily, “I meditated for six months in the god damn forest and all I see is the same content.”

The seer calmly replies, “You think I give a fuck? I made some sweet, dank karma by reposting the same shit to these dumb morons. Thank you for teaching me a way to earn karma.”"
"You know what a real legend is?" "A toe."
"What do you give someone who hasn't moved their muscles in over a year?" "A trophy"
"What is a chameleon that cannot change color?" "A reptile dysfunction."
"Remember that cucumbers need to be washed extra vigorously." "You can do what my mom did, and take them into the shower with you."
"A frog wants to know if he is polish" "Once a baby frog asked his father :""Father, do i look polish?""

His father replied with : ""Nah, you're just a tad-pole"""
"Having big boobs is overrated" " So, I myself have big boobs and I have no idea why people wish they had big boobs so badly. They're so annoying and don't look good and I've even been mocked for the size of my boobs. I wish I had small boobs and would happily exchange mine for smaller boobs, especially since I'm a dude."
"What do you call an artist bigger than Rihanna?" "A Rihanna Grande"
"Did you know some bikers keep a little jar of vaseline in their pocket to protect their bike seat from the rain?" "A biker was doing a big ride through a low dense inhabitated country. After a long drive not seeing a single person his bike breaks down. He starts pushing it and after a few hours of pushing it he stumbles across a single farmhouse in the distance. 
He knocks on the door and the farmer opens. ""Welcome dear visitor""
The biker explains his bike is broken and the farmer tells him there is no problem, he'll fix the bike tomorrow, tonight the biker is his guest and gets a meal and a bed to sleep in.
How could the biker refuse an offer this generous?

But as the biker sets himself at the table, the farmer explains there is just 1 big rule in the house: during dinner there must be absolute silence! After seeing the gigantic pile of dishes in the kitchen, (as you see them in cartoons, piled to the ceiling) the biker thinks its a strange rule, but hey, its not his house after all....
During dinner the biker notices the farmers daughter is a real beauty and knows the farmer cant speak during eating. He gets up lays her on the table, lifts the daughters skirt and has his way with her... 
The farmer sees red of anger, but doesnt says a word.
After he's done, he see's the farmers wife and even tho she's past her 40's, she's still a catch.
Again he lays her on the table, lifts her skirt and has his way with her.
The farmer is livid, benging his cutlary in his plate, but still remains dead silent...

The biker is spend, goes back to his seat but as he looks through the window he passes, he notices it starts raining. He remember his bike is outside and quickly takes the little jar of vaseline out of his bike-jacket...
The farmer screams: FINE!!! FINE!!! I'LL DO THE BLOODY DISHES!!!"
"Yo mama so fat" "    Yo mama is so fat, that when I told her fat weighs less than muscle, she floated into the air and was never seen agai."
"Circuits1-5 are grounded." "Number 6 will shock you."
"Found out today that my son is a race traitor. I thought I raised him better than that." "But as it turns out, he isn't man enough for the 400m and wants to to the 100m dash instead. He has no stamina!"
"Had an excellent meal last night at this cosy little Christian restaurant near us called ""The Lord Giveth""" "They also do takeaways."
"A Kid went to the police to report about his lost bicycle" "Kid: My new bicycle has been stolen 



Police:When did you noticed?




Kid: This morning 




Police: Do you have a suspect? 




Kid: Yes,my mum and dad. 



Police: Why do you suspect them? 





Kid: At midnight I heard mum saying; *make it stand well so I can sit on it very well* &amp; dad said; *climb up fast before it falls.*  I then heard mum says; *push slowly, slowly don't hurt me! *




Police:Hahahaaa!!! Boy, this is senior bicycle.....not yours."
"An old man is driving a car on a busy freeway" "He receives a call from his concerned daughter.

""Dad, please be careful! I just saw on the news some idiot is driving the freeway on the wrong side of the road.""

""One idiot? There are literally hundreds of them!"""
"why do people from Alabama love sandwiches?" "they like things that are inbread"
"My friends think I watch too much anime" """YOU THOUGHT THERE WOULD BE A PUNCH LINE BUT IT WAS ME, DIO!"""
"Squird Game" "The porno"
"If the deepest part of the ocean had been discovered by the HMS Balls" "Would it be known as Balls Deep?"
"A thief was caught raiding a cemetery by the security" "He made a grave mistake"
"My next door neighbour is really loud and obnoxious" "So now I know how Canada feels."
"My wife always asking me why we never go somewhere together" "My wife always asking me why we never go somewhere together. If you like go somewhere so much why did you not get married with the prophet Moses."
"A bear walks into a human bar" "A bear walks into a human bar and asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender answers ""no, we don't serve animals here"". The bear then notices a guy sitting alone just staring at his glass filled with beerand looking sad.

Bear thinks to himself ""I'll ask that guy if I can have some of his beer, although he'll probably just say no because I'm a bear"". So the bear approaches the guy and asks.

The lonely man looks up at the bear slowly and says ""no, I'm an alcoholic""."
"I love cross dressing" "I'm more fashionable when I dress angryb"
"Why is Japan's birth rate so low?" "Because the last time they had a little boy..."
"Why Does the Norway Navy have Bar codes on the side of the ships?" "So when they come back to the port they can 'Scandinavian'"
"Are you satan?" "Because it’s hot as hell in here"
"One night a man walked into a bar" " One night a man walked into a bar with an alligator.  
He stood up on the counter and announced, ""If I stick my cock and balls into this gator's mouth, let the gator shut his jaws and pull them out without a scratch on 'em you'll all buy me a drink.""  
The crowd looked up at the man and nodded with glee.  
So the man whipped out his cock and balls and stuck them in the gator's mouth then shut the gator's jaws.  
A few moments later he hit it on the head with a beer bottle and the gator's mouth flung open, he pulled his genitalia out without a scratch.  
As he was collecting his first free drink he looked to the crowd and asked if anybody would like to try.  
A hush blew over the crowd.  
All of a sudden a hand shot up in the back. ""I would,"" said the blond lady, ""if you promise not to hit me in the head with a beer bottle."""
"A blonde woman is speeding down an empty road when she’s pulled over by a blonde cop. The cop walks up to her window and asks for her driver’s license." "“Driver’s license?” the blonde driver asks, somewhat confused.

“You know, the little rectangle with your face on it that you keep in your purse,” the blonde cop explains patiently.

“Oh, that!” the blonde driver exclaims. She digs around in her purse and finally pulls out a small rectangular mirror, which she hands to the blonde cop.

The blonde cop looks at the mirror and exclaims, “Oh, I’m sorry, ma’am, you’re free to go…I didn’t realize you were a cop!”"
"Don't tell clever jokes about umbrellas." "They just go over people's heads !"
"My teacher is unmarried" "No wonder he wants to call and meet my mother."
"A bear and a rabbit are arguing in the forest..." "The genie is quite sick of hearing them so he decides to do something about it.

""Gentlemen!"" He exclaims, popping up between them in a puff of sparkly blue smoke, ""You are clearly not happy. So, to mitigate this, I shall grant each of you three wishes!""

""OH! OH! I shall go first!"" The bear exclaims excitedly. The rabbit doesn't seem to mind, so the genie turns to the bear. ""Very well. And what shall your first wish be?""

""Ha ha... I want EVERY other bear in the WHOLE forest to be female! yeah, ha ha, every bear... whole forest!""

The genie snaps his fingers and it is done. ""And what of you, rabbit? What shall your first wish be?""

""Tch, naaah, I just want a shiny blue riding helmet, small enough to fit my head nice and snug.""

The genie nods, and with a poof a riding helmet materializes on the rabbit's head. ""Now for your second wish, bear.""

""I WANT! I want...! EVERY OTHER bear in the WHOLE COUNTRY to be female! Ha ha ha ha!! All female! Ha ha ha!!""

The genie gives the bear a mildly confused frown, but makes it so. ""And for your second wish, rabbit?""

""Eeeehh, I wish for a speedy scooter. Fast and perfect for my size.""

With nothing but a flick of his finger the rabbit now has a fast little scooter. ""Alright, we arrive at your final wish, bear. Think about what it is you most de-...""

""HA HA HA HA!! I want EVERY OTHER BEAR, in the WHOLE WIDE WORLD, to be female!!. Yesss yeeesss! All female! all of them!! Oh oh ohhh this is gonna be so good!""

The genie rolls his eyes, but summons his powers and turns every other bear in the whole world female. ""And what of your final wish, rabbit? What is it you most desire?""

***""I WISH FOR THIS BEAR TO BE GAY!!!""*** And with a VRRROOOOOMMMM the rabbit disappears out of sight."
"A German Shepherd, Doberman And Cat Have Died And Gone To Heaven" "

A German Shepherd, Doberman and a cat have died.

All three are faced with God who wants to know what they believe in.

The German shepherd says: ""I believe in discipline training and loyalty to my master.""

Good,"" says God. ""Then sit down on my right side. Doberman, what do you believe in?

The Doberman answers: ""I believe in the love, care and protection of my master.""
Ah,"" said God. ""You may sit to my left.""

Then he looks at the cat and asks, ""And what do you believe in?""

The cat answers: ""I believe you're sitting on my seat."""
"Did you know that if you shake an imaginary salt shaker on your tongue your brain can actually taste the salt?" Lol
"I walk into a bar and there’s a line of people wanting to punch me." "   

   


  
  
    
  
    

That’s it. That’s the punchline."
"What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?" Snowballs
"Dear Americans" "All your issues are not representative for the rest of the world. We got it handled!

We keep our police educated, our rapists in prison and our pedophiles in church."
"Stupid one I just thought of" "What’s a hitmans favorite unit of measurement? A shot"
"Woman are like quadratic equations" "If they're under 13 just do them in your head"
"Why did Nazis fear joining of Denaz and Ify?" "Coz if they joined forces, it'd be ""DenazIfy"""
"A couple was Christmas shopping at the mall on Christmas Eve and the mall was packed." " As the wife walked through the mall she was surprised to look up and see her husband was nowhere around. She was quite upset because they had a lot to do. Because she was so worried, she called him on her mobile phone to ask him where he was.

In a calm voice, the husband said, ""Honey, you remember the jewelry store we went into about 5 years ago where you fell in love with that diamond necklace that we could not afford and I told you that I would get it for you one day?""

The wife choked up and started to cry and said, ""Yes, I remember that jewelry store.""

He said, ""Well, I'm in the bar right next to it."""
"An attractive blonde walks into a casino" "The two bored dealers look at her and their eyes spark up. The blonde then makes a huge bet of $100,000 on a roll of a dice.

Before she rolls, she asks the dealers whether she could take her top off. The two dealers immediately agree.

The blonde takes her top off, and proceeds with the roll. Then, she screams, “I won! I won! Oh my God I did it!”.

After the blonde left with her cash, the two dealers stare at each other, dumbfounded. 

“Did you see what she rolled?” One dealer asks the other.

“Nah man, I thought you were watching!”"
"Why did Hitler go to the optician?" "He could Nazi!"
"Nobody at work believes I lost my virginity in Sunday school" "I think the other priests are just jealous."
"The lone traveler Bill finds himself outside a remote farmhouse at sunset.." "As it's been a long day, he decides to knock on the door.  A kindly farmer opens the door and welcomes Bill inside.  

""Come on in,"" says the farmer.  ""My wife and I were just about to sit down for dinner.""

The farmer and his wife set up an extra place for Bill and give him a heaping helping of all the finest farm fixin's.  There's turkey, meat loaf, candied yams, and collard greens.

""Is everything to your liking, Bill?""  asks the farmer.

""Boy, it sure is,"" replies Bill.

""Aren't my wife's collard greens something special?""

""Oh, you bet they are."" Responds Bill, enthusiastically.

The farmer's wife smiles.

After dinner, the farmer and his wife kindly invite Bill to sleep in their guest room upstairs, which Bill gladly accepts.

A few hours later, as Bill is just about to go to sleep, he hears a soft knock on his door.

Bill opens the door to see the farmer's wife, who whispers to him, 

""Okay, my husbands finally asleep.  Now's our chance!""

Bill's eyes widen.  He grins, rubs his hands together, licks his lips, tiptoes downstairs...

Then he opens the fridge, and eats the rest of the collard greens."
"She loves me so much that she won't go to sleep if I don't carry her over to bed." "It was the Court's order that united us. Becoming her partner was the only way I could avoid that jail sentence after I crippled her with my car."
"Did you hear about the Stephen King impersonator who was in that horrible car wreck?" "He didn’t make IT."
"There is no I in team" "But there is a U and a I in &gt;!Fuck Joe Biden!&lt;"
"I like my women like I like my coffee" "Laced with a heavy sedative"
"I stick my thumb and forefinger in my wife’s ear and pretended to remove a tick…" "And now she is ticked off."
"Which mathematical phenomenon only uses imaginary numbers?" "The Fib-Bonacci Sequence."
"Silence is golden" "Duct tape is silver"
"An eighty-year-old couple is having problems remembering things" "So they go to the doctor to get checked out. They describe to the doctor the problems they are each having with their memory. After checking the couple out, the doctor tells them that they are physically okay, but they might want to start writing things down to help them remember. The couple thanks the doctor and leaves. Later that night while watching TV, the old man gets up from his chair. His wife asks, ""Where are you going?"" He replies, ""To the kitchen."" She asks him for a bowl of ice cream and he replies, ""Sure.""
She then asks him, ""Don't you think you should write it down so you remember? He says ""No, I can remember that.""
""Well,"" she then says, ""I also would like some strawberries on top. You had better write that down 'cause I know you'll forget."" He says, ""I can remember that, you want a bowl of ice cream with strawberries.""
""Well,"" she replies, ""I also would like whipped cream on top. I know you will forget that, so you'd better write it down."" With irritation in his voice, he says, ""I don't need to write that down, I can remember.""
He fumes off into the kitchen. When he returns twenty minutes later he hands her a plate of bacon and eggs. She stares at the plate for a moment and says, ""You forgot my toast."""
"A guy overheard his wife on the phone with a friend…" "The wife says, “Oh my god the downward dog was amazing! I feel great.”

After she hangs up, the husband says, “Downward dog, huh? I knew you were cheating!”

The wife says, “Cheating? That’s a stretch.”"
"I’m making a belt out of watches" "It’s a waist of time"
"What are Lil Pump's cousins called?" &gt;!Pumpkins!&lt;
"A 34-year-old man still lives with his mom." "He loves his mom and he lives with her because she only has a few weeks before her inevitable death from cancer.
Despite needing to provide constant care, he cherishes every single minute he gets to spend with his mom because it won’t last long. 
He knows he will miss his mom after her permanent departure from existence; especially knowing she doesn’t have much time left to live,"
"Road raging gangsters vs. old man" "A car full of hoods riding around looking for trouble get accidentally cut off by an old guy. 
The thugs catch up to the old man in order to deal with him. When they catch him they’re in for a surprise as the old man is packing a big boomstick and flips the tables on the thugs. He orders the thugs to separate into two groups. 1 and 2. Then he says that group 1 has to suck off group 2 in order to live. After several protests and gun volleys fired at the gangster’s feet they decide they wanna live and fulfill the old man’s wish. After the deed is done the old man drives off. 
Group 1 is furious and wants to rally Group 2 to catch the old man and deal with him. 
Group 2 just shrugs their shoulders and says why he wasn’t such a bad guy."
"There’s a peanut on an airplane" "And he’s chatting it up with a flight attendant, this peanut’s name is Dillon. They’re having a very intimate conversation about where they’re from and where they are in life right now. Dillon is in the middle of explaining his ethnic background when the flight attendant interrupts him and says ‘No problem Dillon we can make that happen for you’ she starts walking towards the front of the plane and motions for him to follow here. She leads him to an open seat and asks him if this will work any better. Beyond confused, Dillon accepts his new seat as it’s a lot more spacious but asks the flight attendant why she moved him. “You were talking awfully quietly but you were complaining about your leg room.” 

“No” says Dillon, I was explaining that I was a legume”"
"im so frugral..." "in the last year i havent bought anything i didnt need, except socks, when i got home turns out i didnt need any socks, i may never financially recover from this"
"I asked my wife to shave her pussy." "The next morning, I woke up bald."
"Dark humor is kinda like food" "Not everyone gets it"
"A good ol' knock knock joke." """Knock Knock.""

""Who's there?

""Issabelle.""

""Issabelle, who?""

""Isabelle necessary on a bicycle?"""
"Hitler used an astrologist to give him guidance in battle..." "One day he told the man, ""you've served me well. We are winning battles and the war and I'm very pleased with your work. Your ability to predict the future is amazing. But there's one thing I wondered about and wanted to ask you.""

How can I serve you mein Fuhrer?

""Do you know what day I'm going to die?""

Of course.

""Well, what day am I going to die?""

Sir, you are going to die on a Jewish holiday.

""Mein gott! That's terrible. What Jewish holiday am I going to die on?""

Any day you die is going to be a Jewish holiday."
"My daughter is like a glazed donuts" "So sweet , but gonna break my heart in 20 years"
"scary movie suggestions" "The 2016 presidential election"
"An Air Force Chief Master Sergeant ran a personnel shop staffed by three lower ranking sergeants." "Every day at 3:00, the Chief would grab his hat, tell his staff that he was going to a meeting, and leave.  After several weeks of this, one of the sergeants figured it was safe to leave work early - they'd never get caught because the Chief never returned.   At 3:15 he told his coworkers, ""Let's go!""  Sgt Schmo agreed,  but wasn't too comfortable with the arrangement.  When Schmo got to his quarters, he happened to peer into his bedroom window, and there was the Chief banging his wife! 

The next day, right on schedule, the Chief grabs his hat and says he's going to a meeting. Fifteen minutes later, Sgt Ringleader says, ""OK, guys - let's go!""

Sgt Schmo says, ""No way! Yesterday I almost got caught!"""
Arthritis. "A drunk man who smelled like beer sat down on a subway next to a priest.

The man's tie was stained, his face was plastered with red lipstick, and a half-empty bottle of gin was sticking out of his torn coat pocket.

He opened his newspaper and began reading.

After a few minutes, the man turned to the priest and asked, 'Say Father, what causes arthritis?'

The priest replies, 'My Son, it's caused by loose living, being with cheap, wicked women, too much alcohol, contempt for your fellow man, sleeping around with prostitutes and lack of a bath.'

The drunk muttered in response, 'Well, I'll be damned, ' then returned to his paper.

The priest, thinking about what he had said, nudged the man and apologized. 'I'm very sorry. I didn't mean to come on so strong.

How long have you had arthritis?'

The drunk answered, 'I don't have it, Father. I was just reading here that the Pope does.'"
"What do rednecks do on Halloween?" "Pump kin"
"I organized a dozen professional boxers to stand in a row and hit anyone that got near them" "That was my best punchline ever"
"“Blondes Are Brilliant”" "20,000 blondes are gathered for a “Blondes Are Brilliant” convention. The chairwoman

says, “We are all here today to prove to the world that blondes are not stupid. Can I

have a volunteer?”

A blonde gingerly works her way through the crowd and steps up to the stage.

The leader asks her, “What is 8 plus 8?” After 15 or 20 seconds she says, “18!”

Obviously, everyone is a little disappointed. Then, 20,000 blondes start cheering,

“Give her another chance! Give her another chance!” The leader says, “Well, since

we’ve gone to the trouble of getting 20,000 of you in one place and we have the

world-wide press and global broadcast media here, gee, uh, I guess we can give her

another chance.”

So he asks, “What is 19 plus 19?” After nearly 30 seconds she eventually says, “90?”

The chairwoman is quite perplexed, looks down and just lets out a dejected sigh. Everyone

is disheartened. The blonde starts crying and the 20,000 girls begin to yell and wave

their hands shouting, “Give her another chance! Give her another chance!”

The chairwoman, unsure whether or not she is doing more harm than good, eventually

says, “OK! OK! Just one more chance. What is 2 plus 2?” The girl closes her eyes,

and after a whole minute eventually says, “4?”. Throughout the stadium,

pandemonium breaks out as all 20,000 girls jump to their feet, wave their arms,

stomp their feet and scream … Give her another chance! Give her another chance!"
"I tied all of my wife’s shoelaces together." #sorryknotsorry
"Two Irishmen lose their oars" "Two Irishmen lose their oars after paddling far out into the ocean. They were lost and had no idea what to do. One of them finds a bottle floating and picks it out of the water only to find a genie pop out. The genie tell them that he will grant them only 1 wish. Without hesitation, one of them shouts “I want the ocean water to turn to Guinness!”

The genie grants his wish and disappears. The other Irishman was furious with his partners quick decision. He looks at him and screams “you moron! Your haste decision has screwed us! Now we have to piss in the boat!”"
"What's the difference between dark humor and morbid humor?" "Dark humor is 10 babies in a trash can.


Morbid humor is one baby in 10 trash cans."
"Bill Clinton and the Pope die at the same time." "There's an administrative mix up in purgatory and the Pope is sent to Hell and Clinton to Heaven.

After  20 minutes the mistake is discovered and the mistake rectified. As  they're heading down the escalator Clinton down, the Pope up, the pope  says to Clinton ""I'm really looking forward to meeting the virgin Mary"".

To which Clinton replies ""You're about five minutes too late"""
"What are the names of Dwayne Johnson’s sisters?" "The Rockettes."
"Dave lost his wife's audiobook..." "And now he'll never hear the end of it."
"Ever wondered how to fall asleep in 2 minutes?" "Jerk off, then you’ll be much more relaxed and still have 113 seconds."
"Deaf people are so rude" "I get you can't hear me but do you have to act like it"
"Do you know the worse thing you can feel during a prostate exam?" "Two hands on your shoulders"
"A guy in a wheelchair sped over my foot." """You better watch where you're going next time."" I told him.

He said, ""I'm handicapped, you can't do anything.""

I said, ""No, you're handicapped, you can't do anything."""
"Two nuns at a Catholic Church" "Two nuns at a Catholic Church near me got pregnant. 

On an unrelated note, they dressed up as altar boys for Halloween."
"Have you ever heard of Clinton Soup?" "It consists of a weenie in hot water"
"Wife comes home from work." "Wife: I left my job today, I couldn't work for that man after what he said to me.

Husband: So what did he say.?


Wife: ""Katy, you are fired."""
"What are kidnappers' favorite shoes?" "White Vans"
"What's the worst thing to feel during a prostate exam?" "2 hands on your shoulders"
"Cinderella wanted to go to a ball one night" "But her stepmother said she could not go. Devastated, Cinderella ran up to her room, sat on her bed, and started sobbing.

Not soon later, a fairy godmother came into her room via window. ""Would you still luke to go to the ball?""  The fairy godmother asked. ""Yes!"" Cinderella exclaimed. ""Ok,"" tge fairy godmother said. ""I will get you to the ball. I will give you a cairrage, dress, and more. But be warned, if you do not come back before 12:00 tonight, a pumpkin will grow inside your vagina."" Cinderella agreed, and happily jumped around her room.

Soon, she left for the ball. After a while, the clock struck 11:45 PM, and the fairy godmother was waiting in Cinderella's room. Soon it struck 12 AM, then 1 AM, then 2 AM. At around three, Cinderella came home. ""So, your vagina doesn't hurt?"" The fairy godmother asked. ""Not at all!"" Cinderella replied. ""While I was at the ball, I met a man named Peter. Oh, how I loved Peter!"""
"Scientists Play Hide-and-Seek" "All the great scientists throughout history are brought together for a game of hide and seek. They draw straws and Einstein is ""it"" first.  He starts counting back from 100 as all the other great minds run hither and thither looking to hide.  Newton runs over to the bushes but Heisenberg is already there. Backtracking, Newton tries the woodpile but Tesla beat him to it.  He tries up a tree, but Galileo tells him to go hide somewhere else.  As Newton frantically looks for a place to hide, he hears Einstein counting down ""9...8...7...""

So Newton grabs a stick and draws a square on the ground and stands in it, right out in the open.

""Ready or not, here I come!"" Einstein yells, turning and immediately spotting Newton.

""Ha! I've found you, Newton!"" the delighted physicist cries.

""Actually,"" says Newton, ""what you have found is one Newton per square meter, and thus you have found Pascal."""
"What does a monk say in the club?" "Buddha Buddha Buddha Buddha Buddha everywhere"
"A man has been causing trouble at the allotment" "Today he dumped a load of shit on my vegetable patch

The plot thickens."
"What do you call the bisexual Frenchman that won Tour de France?" "A bi king"
"How many doors does Hogwarts have?" "Two. Dumbledore and Gryffindor."
"Wife and Husband chatting." "Wife: Did you know that water is the most essential element of life.?


Husband: Yes of course, because without water you can't make beer."
"If slavery was legal" "I would buy some slaves of many colors so I'm not considered racist. Then I'd start a movement to allow all races to become slaves. Then I would petition the government to allow us to purchase slaves with government benifits. So that all men will be inverted equal."
"What did Kurt Cobain and Michelangelo have in common?" "They were both artists who painted a ceiling."
"Top Biblical experts have reached the conclusion that Adam and Eve were Soviet citizens" "They had no clothes, one apple between the two of them and they thought they were in paradise."
"Grandpa didn’t have much on the farm but always said to take good care of your beast of burden" "I didn’t understand him until I learned he gave grandma flowers every month."
"Why do fish swim in salt water?" "Because pepper makes them sneeze!"
"last night I tried to stay 6 feet away from your mom" "but she was too fat"
"How would you call Mel Gibson if he didn’t shower?" "Smell Gibson."
"Why can't Ben Shapiro be on a plane?" "Because he'd obliterate the Left Wing."
"My dad came to watch me play football for the first time" """Break a leg he said""

I guess he shouldn't have told me that. At least that's what the medic treating the opponent with a broken leg said."
Skydiving "You don't need a parachute to go skydiving. You only need a parachute to go skydiving twice."
"What does a Catholic priest have in common with a Welshman?" "They both fuck their sheep."
"Imagine reposting a joke that was reposted which wasn't funny" "You'll get laughed at because you're the joke.

&amp;#x200B;

(I can't guarantee, this is or isn't a repost, even the original post has this message you're reading at the moment, just like this)"
"A guy goes to the doc because he accidentally consumed gasoline…" "The doc says, “Don’t worry, you just have to take one of these pills every day for the rest of your life.”

The guy responds, “Oh ok, that doesn’t sound too difficult.”

Then the doc hands the man his pills.

“Umm doc, there’s only two pills here.”

“I know”"
"I could feel an exam in my stomach ...." "It was kinda quizzy,"
"I went to a zoo but the only exhibit open was for a tiny dog." "It was a Shih Tzu"
"It's true that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. But..." "...the key to a man's penis is actually through his *penis,* so why not keep it simple?"
"Call me an Italian caterpillar" "Because I'm about to pupa my pants"
"Empty seat at the stadium" "An old man is watching his favourite soccer team play a match at the stadium, there's noticeably an empty chair next to him so a curious stranger approaches him:

stranger : hi there, this is an expensive seat to have it empty, no one to come along with you?

old man: O! I used to come with my wife all these past years , but she passed away

stranger: That's pretty sad, have my deepest condolences. what about friends, no one that could come with you??

old man: not really, they're all busy, they're at the funeral of my wife"
"A man is overweight" "A man is overweight, so he looks on the internet for weight loss programs. He is scrolling through the internet, when he finds an ad: “We guarantee you will lose weight or your money back” It said. He clicks on it, and it purchases a 5-pound weight loss program. Two hours later, a beautiful woman shows up at his door. She hands him a card, which says, “If you catch me, you can have sex with me”. She then proceeds to take off her clothes and runs away. After chasing her for an hour, he catches her, and they do it. He goes up to the scale, and boom, he lost 5 pounds. 

The man goes back to the website and gets a 15-pound weight loss program. 6 hours later, a different, even more beautiful woman shows up at the door, and hands him a card, which says, “If you catch me, you can have sex with me”. Again, she proceeds to take off her clothes and run away. After 3 hours of chasing her, the fat man catches her and they do it together. 

The man, again, goes back to the website and gets a 30- pound weight loss program. A day later, the most beautiful woman he had ever seen shows up at his door, and hands him a card, which says, “If you can catch me, you can have sex with me.” She proceeds to take off her clothes and run away. After 8 hours of chasing her, the fat man catches her, and they do it together. 

The fat man, realizing that there are even more options, goes to the website, and gets a 50-pound weight loss program. 2 days later, a large crates shows up at his door. He opens the crate, and inside is a large ape. The ape hands him a card, which says,


“If I can catch you, I can have sex with you”"
"A guy usually says: “I’m sweating balls.”" "A girl usually says: “I’m leaking.”"
"What do you call a cat that just finished his food" Cate...
"A door-to-door salesman rings the doorbell" "A little ten year-old boy answers and opens the door, but he is standing there wearing a bra stuffed with socks, wearing a pair of panties and has cigar hang from his lips.

The salesman looking a bit befuddled asks, ""Is mommy or daddy home?""

The little boy answers, ""What the fuck do you think?"""
"The Jokes subreddit used to be funny" "These days I get my laughs from NFTs"
"A man walks into a bagel shop and sees a sign." "The sign says:
“ONE DAY OLD BAGELS ARE 50% OFF!”

Upon reading that sign, he walked over to the cashier and said “let me get today’s bagels for 50% off”

The clerk tells him, “but sir, the 50% off only applies to one day old bagels”

So the man replies, “Okay, I’ll buy today’s bagels for 50% off and not eat them until tomorrow.”"
"Two fencers are arguing who's better" "First guy saws a fly coming on their way and says, ""Now watch this"". He swings his sword and cuts the fly in half. The other guy saws another fly coming and he cuts it in half in first attempt too. A random guy watching all this swoops in and says ""let me try"" and asks for a sword. He takes the sword, sees another fly coming, swings the sword at the fly 5 or 6 times and the fly just keeps flying and passes them. Fencers starts laughing at him and they say he really isn't a good fencer. The guy says, ""I guess that's right... After all I'm just a circumciser""."
"What do you call a Communist Italian?" Wetalian
"A lady at the bank ask me to check her balance" "But then she ended up falling over"
"Didnt you heard the news?" "Spain brutally invaded France yesterday...

I guess they now live in Spain but without the S..."
"What do you call prostitutes..." "What do you call prostitutes to whom you give marshmallows, Graham crackers, and chocolate, in exchange for sex with their vagina, anus, mouth, and belly button simultaneously?

&gt;!4 door smore whores!&lt;"
"People keep saying bad things about Travis Scott" "Personally, I think he's crushing it"
"Just the other day I was walking down the street when I saw a man being attacked by three masked men, so I had no other choice but to step in." "He didn't stand a chance against the 4 of us."
"What do you call a dyslexic Russian Christian priest" Unorthodox!
"Listen guys, I know the tensions are high surrounding the Kenosha case. Just hear me out:" "1. He should not have been there that night

2. he shouldn't have traveled that far across state lines

3. What he did was foolish and dangerous

4. He went there with the intent to cause trouble and commit crimes

5. He deserved much worse than he got 

6. The fact that he was carrying a gun that he was not legally allowed to have should be enough to convict him. 

7. his repeated use of white supremacist stuff proves he's raci

Anyway, that’s enough about Gaige Grosskreutz.

let's talk about kyle"
"3 pieces of string walk up to a bar" "3 pieces of string walk up to a bar. The first piece of string says I am going to get a drink. He walks up to the bartender and says "" Bartender give me a drink!"" The bartender replies, ""Are you a piece of string?""  and the string replies, ""Yes I am!"" The bartender says ""Get outta here, we don't serve your kind!"" So the second piece of string says, I am gonna get a drink! He walks up to the bartender and says "" Bartender give me a drink!"" The bartender replies, ""Are you a piece of string?""  and the string replies, ""Yes I am!"" The bartender says ""Get outta here, we don't serve your kind!"" The third piece of string says ""Watch, I am going to get a drink!"" He ties himself in a half loop, messes up his hair and says, ""Bartender give me a drink!"" The bartender replies, ""Are you a piece of string?"" Then he replies, ""Frayed Knot!"""
"BREAKING: Matthew McConaughey Announces Gubernatorial Run" "When asked regarding his political leanings, McConaughey stated to a reporter that his views were ""all right all right all right."""
"If a girl pulls a knife on you during an argument" "pull out bread,ham and mayo.Instinct will kick in and she will make you a sandwich.."
"An old Soviet communist was lying on his deathbed with his comrades all around him." "He wanted to confess before dying.

""Misha, remember in 1921 when you were almost executed? It was me. I reported you to the Cheka. I'm sorry""

""All is forgiven, Comerade"", Misha replies

""Petya, remember in 1937 when you were sentenced to 25 years of gulag? Well, it was I who went to the NKVD. Please forgive me""

""You are forgiven, no hard feelings"", says Petya

""Vasya, I must confess to you that I had you sent to the penal battalion in 1942. I am terribly sorry about that day.""

""Please my friend, we all forgive you. You may go in peace"", says Vasya

""Thank you all for being with me for all these years"", says the old communist,

As the tears come pouring down his face. 

""I'm sorry for betraying you all, I hope you will forgive me""


His friends are all touched by his words. He draws his final breath and says

""In honour of our friendship I have one last wish before I die, you see that cactus over there on the window sill? When I die, I want you to ram it up my butthole as hard as you can""

The communist then died before any of his friends could say anything. Vasya grabs the cactus, and shoves it ups the old communist's ass while the other two help hold the communist's legs up. Suddenly there's someone banging on the door and shouting 

""KGB open up, we've received information that an old Bolshevik has been tortured to death."""
"If a girl ever pulls a knife on you during argument" "pull out bread,ham and mayo.Instinct will kick in and she will make you a sandwich.."
"What do you call an Asian Dwayne Johnson?" "The Wok."
"I looked up the meaning of LGBT many times" "Yet, i haven't received a straight awsner"
"That reminds me of my father's last words." """Don't son, that gun is loaded!"""
"Did you hear about the guy who owned the Earth's supply of herbs?" "He had all the thyme in the world"
"In first, US added to annual list of ‘backsliding’ democracies" "Apparently US is considered a democracy now"
"Flasher Pete" "Pete, the serial flasher was thinking of retiring..


But he's going to stick it out for another year.... 
Boom boom......."
"Plato absentmindedly bumps into someone walking down the street." "He hands him a book and says, ""Please accept my Apology""."
"Yes I'm bisexual" "I have to buy people things for them to be sexual with me"
"If life gives you lemons and you don't like lemonade" "make orange juice!"
"An existential joke" "Why do I feel like my life is currently lost?

Because I’m now here"
"What's the difference between current reality, and a conspiracy theory?" "About 6 weeks."
"My favourite thing to do after a long day at work is sit down and take off all my clothes." "It makes my train journey more entertaining."
"What do plumbers and economists have in common?" "They both deal with gross domestic product."
"People who sell meat are gross." "People who sell fruits and vegetables are grocer."
"Did you hear that Durex have released a new pesto flavoured lube for sale in stores? 😳" "Don’t gnocchi it until you’ve tried it."
"True Love" "Wife just yelled downstairs asking,
""Do you ever get a shooting pain across
your whole body like someone's got a
Voodoo doll of you and they are stabbing it?""

I said, ""Nope""

She then called back, ""How about now?"""
"Did you know that there are no canary’s on the Canary Islands? Same thing applies to the Virgin Islands" "There are no Canary’s on the Virgin Islands"
"What’s the different between Bitcoin and my wife?" "My wife doesn’t go down on me"
"Three friends are in a hotel room in Soviet Russia." " 

The first two men open a bottle of vodka, while the third is tired and goes straight to bed. He is unable to sleep however, as his increasingly drunk friends tell political jokes loudly.

After a while, the tired man gets frustrated and walks downstairs for a smoke. He stops in the lounge and asks the receptionist to bring tea to their room in five minutes.

The man walks back into the room, joins the table, leans towards a power outlet and speaks into it:

""Comrade major, we want some tea to room 62 please.""

His friends laugh on the joke, until there is a knock on the door. The receptionist brings a teapot. His friends fall silent and pale, horrified of what they just witnessed. The party is dead, and the man goes to sleep.

After a good night's rest, the man wakes up, and notices his friends are gone. Surprised, he walks downstairs and asks the receptionist where they went.

The nervous receptionist whispers that KGB came and took them before dawn.

The man is horrified. He wonders why he was spared.

The receptionist responds:

""Well, comrade major did quite like your tea joke."""
"Why should you never give Elsa a balloon?" "Because she’ll Let it Go."
"what do you call someone that mooches all your low-card snacks?" "Keto Kaelin"
"A girl and a Man" "A 14-year old girl was walking down to school and began to feel sick. This was for the last few weeks, she began to want salty foods and such. And she understood she was pregnant. She was thinking and thinking and decided to tell it to her mom.

\-WHAT THE FUCK, SUCH A DISGRACE, WHO DID THIS TO YOU.

Mother got her some tests, because she couldn't believe, did those, and yes she was pregnant.

\-IF the father finds out he's going to kick you from this house, what's that asshole's name do you got his phone number?

\-”Yes”, the girl replied.

\-”CALL HIM”.

She called him and he's on the way here. The daughter is scared of her mother and the mother is super angry at this point.

Suddenly through the window they see a red Ferrari driving in and parking. The door opens, and they see a middle aged man, with super fancy and shiny black boots, a beautiful suit, and a golden watch.

He takes the flowers and rings at the door.

He greets the ladies, gives the flowers to the girl's mom, and sits on the couch facing her. Suddenly the father comes home, who doesn't understand a thing and he stands behind the mysterious rich man's back.

So the man begins in official tone:

\-”So we understand how complicated this situation is. But please understand me, because I already have a family I can not create another one. But I will definitely compensate for this bad - drunk behavior of mine.”

\-”So if the born child is going to be a daughter, I will sign her 3 shops, 2 factories and give her exactly 1 millions dollars. If it will be a boy I will sign him for 1 factory, 1 shop and of course 1 million dollars.”

\-”BUT you see there is a possibility of twins as well. In that case, each receives 1 shop, 1 factory and they both review 500k dollars each.”

\-”There is another thing we cannot forget that there also could be miscarriege. In that case..”

Here the father interrupts him, puts his hand on the man shoulder and whispers to his ear:

\-”In that case your going to fuck her again..”"
"SHAGGY: What did the vet say you have?" "SCOOBY DOO: Rabies.
SHAGGY: Zoinks. I didn’t even know you could get pregnant."
"A man scores a hot date" "Not wanting to disappoint his date in the bedroom, he goes to the doctor to get his penis enlarged.
The doctor says, ""we happen to have a new experimental procedure that uses muscle cells from an elephant trunk that should do the trick."" To which the man accepts. 

Later on, the man and his date are having dinner. The man is in love with her, but is experiencing an increasingly uncomfortable pressure in his trousers. In an attempt to relieve the pain, he slowly undoes his fly. 

Immediately, his penis lunges out onto the table, grabs a bread roll and vanishes back under the table.

His date, unsurprisingly shocked, slowly smiles and says, ""could you do that again?""

The man, his eyes watering slightly, replies ""probably, but I don't think I can fit another roll in my arse."""
"A wife got so mad at her husband she packed his bags and told him to get out." "As he walked to the door she yelled, 'I hope you die a long, slow, painful death.'
He turned around and said, 'So, you want me to stay?'"
"Procrastinators unite!" Tomorrow...
"Do you want to hear a joke about my vagina?" "
Never mind. You’ll never get it!"
"I have so much respect for male to female trans people..." "I mean, that surgery takes balls."
"Why do Afghans dislike being stereotyped?" "They hate people making blanket statements about them."
"How did the person solve a minor problem that someone else made more challenging" "He hiked up the mountain that was made out of a molehill"
"When felons agree on how to make cheese" "They con curd"
"I got COVID-19 and my doctor said I only had a few days to live" "I killed him and the judge gave me 80 years"
"What do you do when you're a bodyguard to a secretive leader, and a crowd that doesn't know who your leader is throws a rebellion at your place of work?" "You show them who's boss."
"The limo driver opened an animal hide gallery." "The chauffeur show furs"
"I have three tips to get a bigger penis..." "I’m just trying to figure out what’s the best way to attach them."
"What does a male sex worker have in common with a student?" "They both have to be hard at work if they ever wanna make money."
"Don't invite Jesus to your party." "Sure, the wine is bomb, but I woke up the next morning and all my insulin was heroin."
"What defines a bad driver?" "One who is so reckless that they are never wreck-less."
"Two drunk guys are walking home from a house party one night" "One of them jokingly says: Hey I left something at the house, my virginity. The followong conversation went down:
Guy 2: The girls that was hosting the party was the only female there and she was on the sofa the entire time
Guy 1: I know, she has a sister
Guy 2: Her sister is 9
Guy 1: I know"
"Outside of the US, Miley Cryus is just" "Kilometery Cryus"
"How to get laid in five easy steps!" "1 - Denial"
"What is Ted Cruz’s favorite flavor at BWW’s?" "Caribbean Jerk"
"""I bought you an engagement ring,"" I told my girlfriend." """How much did it cost?"" she asked in a flash.

""£300,"" I told her.

""£300?!"" she fumed. ""You said you were going to spend a month's wages!""

""I didn't say it was going to be *my* month's wages."""
"My mate and I robbed a bank. The cops chasing us were under the illusion that we were dressed as animals." "Every few seconds they kept shouting ""Furries!"""
"How many writers for ""The Simpsons"" does is take to change a lightbulb?" "None. They won't admit that it burnt out 15 years ago!"
"Real story:" "My class was doing a science project and the task was about making a bottle rocket, anyway the class went on as normal when someone made a mistake, my teacher then yelled at them “why are you making spelling mistakes?it’s nit rocket science” I then put my hand up and said “actually it is”."
"What should you say to comfort someone who’s struggling with grammar?" "There, their, they’re."
"Do not speak with your mouth full" "I said to my daughter as she was chewing on a huge bite of spaghetti.

- You are not allowed to do that im the kindergarten as well.

- Well, sometimes we are allowed to

- When?

- When the kindergarten teachers don't notice


She's turning 5 tomorrow. Spread some love"
"Two Soldiers" "There were two soldiers in the army, they were best friends. It was war time and they were in battle. One of them started crying, ""Oh my god, my legs!"" His other friend worried, looked over, ""What's wrong?"" The other, ""I dropped some corn syrup on it. ""  

Five minutes later, he yelled out, ""I am hit!"" His friend worried, looked, ""Are you ok!"" The other, ""Yeah, it was just a tree branch."" 

Ten minutes later, he yells out, ""Watch out!"" His friend worried, looked, ""What's going on!"" The other, ""It's almost curfew time."""
"Started my new job." "I arrived at 9.00.am. as stated, I then hid in the cupboard, at 10.00. am. I sneaked out and hid under the table then at 11.00. am. I sneaked out and went and sat in the bosses chair. The Boss came in and said what the fuck are you doing.? I said, in the interview you said that the best employees are hard to find."
"Poor guy/girl 🙃" "If you're not happy with your life right
 now, just remember there's someone
 meeting your ex right now thinking
 they found someone special. 🤣"
"How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat?" "When she fits into your wife's clothes"
"A traveler checked in at a hotel that advertised widely as offering" "everything a client might desire.  The traveler at once called room service.  ""I want to have brought to my room,"" he said, ""a young virgin
between the ages of 18 and 19, who must have blonde hair and blue eyes. I also want sent up 4 pieces of strong rope, each exactly 4 feet in
length, and a cat-o'-nine-tails.  Finally, I want a Hungarian coachman, 30 years of age, with a dark complexion. And hurry, because I'm tired
and need to unwind.
It was a full hour before room service called back and with a deeply
apologetic tone said, ""Sir, we have the rope, and the cat-o'-nine-tails. It was more difficult to find the virgin you required, for in this area
of the country few girls reach the age of 18 with virginity intact.  We have one of the rare ones, however, and she is blonde.  We are
devastated to have to report though that we cound find no Hungarian coachman of the kind you requested. We do have a Romanian coachman. Would he do?""
""I'm afraid not,"" said the traveler sadly.  ""So in that case, just send up a piece of Danish pastry and some hot tea."""
"A kid went to his father and asked, ""Daddy, I fell in love and want to date this nice girl.”" "Father: ""That's great son. Who is it?""
Son: ""It's Sandra, the neighbor's daughter.""
Father: ""Oh, I wish you hadn't said that. I have to tell you something son, but you must promise me not to tell your mom Sandra is actually your sister.""

The boy is naturally bummed out, but life goes on. A couple of months later...

Son: ""Daddy, I fell in love again and she is even hotter!""
Father: ""That's great son. Who is it?""
Son: ""It's Angela, The other neighbor's daughter.""
Father: ""Oh, I wish you hadn't said that. Angela is also your"" sister.

This went on couple of times and the son was so mad, he went straight to his mother crying.

""Mom I am so mad at dad! I fell in love with six girls but I can't date any of them because dad is their father!""

The mother hugs him affectionately and says: ""My love, you can date whomever you want. He isn't your father"""
"What do you get when a bee is stuck in a garage ?" Garbage.
"What is the ultimate test of trust?" "Letting a cannibal give you a Blowjob."
"Anti - vaxers are on fire" "At the crematorium"
"After getting away with murder for 52 years, the Zodiac Killer has revealed his identity to the press." "He didn’t want to be associated with Ted Cruz."
"What burns longer, a red candle or a blue candle ?" "Neither....They burn shorter."
"I caught my dog during a breeding season biting a bitch while mating" "I guess she likes it ruff"
"A deaf guy steals from the mob" "They come to his house and slam him against the wall. 

“the boss wants to know where the missing $5 million is”. 

His friend lets the goons know he’s deaf and only understands sign language, so they tell the friend to ask him where the missing money is. 

The friend speaks in sign language “they want to know where the missing $5 million is” the guy in sign language says “$5 million, I don know anything about $ 5 million”. 

The friend tells the goons he doesn’t know anything, so the goons take out a gun, put it to the deaf guys head and say to the friend “yeah, well ask him again and this time tell him if he doesn’t know about the missing $5 million, we’re going to blow his fucking brains out”. 

The friend in sign language says “hey, these guys are serious, if you don’t know where the money is, they’re going to blow your brains out” the deaf guy in sign language says “shit, well in that case, I’ve buried the money under the big oak tree at my mothers house”. 

The goons look at the friend and say “what’s he got to say now?”, the friend looks at them and says “he says you don’t got the balls to pull the trigger!”"
"Why was the Emo girl jealous of her phone?" "It died"
"Why was the Elmo girl jealous of her phone?" [deleted]
"A man goes into his doctors after being assaulted by an elephant in the jungle." "As the man explains what happened in the jungle the doctor is confused.
""Well, I can't see any injuries on you, so what happened?""

The man responds
""Well you see Doc, the elephant knocked me down and.... Had his way with me.. I know it's bad but can you have sla look for me?""

The doctor is flabbergasted and says
 ""ok of course, pull your trousers down and I'll have a look""

As soon as the man's trousers drop the Doctor recoils and exclaims
""Oh god! Pull your trousers up! That's awful!""
""You're right, the elephant has done a number on you, bug I do have a question. 
My brother works in a zoo, and I've seen an elephants penis, and its like this""
The doctor holds his hands to the width of a side plate
""And your arsehole looks like...""
He holds his hands to the width of a dinner plate
""What happened?!""

The man responds,
""I know. The bastard fingered me first"""
"Heart is racing, my eyes are red, I'm coughing uncontrollably. I can't tell if it's covid..." "Or if the weed is just TOO DANK"
"What type of animal wants to please everyone?" "Pander bear"
"What do you call a Weezer fan with ADHD?" "A neurodivirgin."
"At the beach I saw four sandcastles that had been made by some children." "So I ran up and jumped on one of them.

Then I wrecked his sandcastle."
"Why do British people pronounce British without the T?" "Because they drunk it already"
"I haven't gotten any upvotes on my cake day..." "I feel desserted."
"The pitcher who held the record for walking batters had a reputation as a tough guy." "Because it took a lot of balls."
"Stormy says sex with Trump was super quick, then he’d talk her ear off." "She came for the joke, stayed for the comments."
"I got turned into an egg once. You know what the hardest part was?" "The shell"
"I went to a zoo and there was a baguette in a cage" "The keeper said it was bread in captivity."
"Is Donald Trump's son, Barron, ashamed of his father ?" "No.  He's a Proud Boy."
"this is what I think a real man is:" "males over the age of 18."
"There are three states of matter" "Doesn't matter

Matters a bit

Really matters a lot"
"Where do anti-vax celebrate the birthday" "The cemetery"
"There are three states of matter" [deleted]
"What's the difference between a joke and 5 dicks?" "The mods can't take a joke!"
no "Two cannibals are eating Amy Schumer. 

First cannibal: This taste funny to you?  

Second cannibal: No"
"Why did Karen press Ctrl+Alt+Del?" "She needed that Task manager"
"A planet got destroyed." "They posted its orbituary in the newspaper."
"Do trees poop?" "Yes that's where we get No. 2 pencils."
"A woman was pregnant with triplets..." "One day whilst out walking, she is caught in the middle of a shooting. She is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery. When she wakes up the doctor tells her that all of her babies will live, however each one was hit by a bullet and they were unable to remove them.

The woman eventually ends up giving birth to two healthy girls and a healthy boy. 

Many years later the first daughter approaches her mum and says, ""mum, I was just having a wee and a bullet came out."" So the mother explains what happened.

A few days later the second daughter approaches her mum and says, “mum, I was just having a wee and a bullet came out."" Again, the mother explains what happened.

Another few days passed until her son came running down the stairs panicking. “What’s the matter asked the mum?”

The son screamed, “I was just having a wank and I shot the dog."""
"I like my girlfriend like my friends" Imaginary.
"Two men go camping in the desert" "While they’re sleeping a snake crawls in the tent and bites one of the men on his penis.
He tells the other man he has to run to town and get a doctor to help. So the man trekks for an hour and upon reaching the town he bursts through the doctors door, but the doctor can’t leave to help because he has too many patients, so he tells the man “listen, take this knife and cut a little slit wherever your buddy was bit and suck the poison out, thats the only way.”
So the man walks back and when he reaches the tent his buddy yells “did you find a doctor? What’d he say???”
“He said you’re gonna die”"
"I just lost 20% of my couch" Ouch.
"I just killed a huge spider running across the floor with my shoe" "I don't care how big the spider is, no one steals my shoe"
"It seems to be discriminatory, but my State's COVID-19 vaccination scheduling website has given everyone with low IQs appointments for the same date next week." "February 29th."
"I just killed a huge spider running across the floor with my shoe" "I don't care how big the spider is, no one steals my shoe"
"If you work really hard one day things are going to change" "Youll finally be recognized for doing twice the work in half the time and now everyone has half the the time to do twice the work"
"A Serbian, a Bosnian and a Montenegrin walked into a bar" " 

They started talking about some random shit when the The bartender interrupted them and said; of each one of you would have to choose to be reincarnated as an animal, what would it be?

The Serbian said- - that's easy, a Bear. They are strong and fierce and respected.

The Bosanac said: I would be a lion, raw power and strength and its the king of the Jungle!

The Montenegrin said: I'd be a snake!

Everybody turned their heads and looked surprised; What? Why?

The Montenegrin said: Well, you can lay down and walk at the same time."
"How do you turn a duck into a soul singer?" "Put it in the oven and bake it until it’s bill withers."
"Vegan ribs are the best" "Theyre difficult to get though, since vegans run real fast"
"Give me upvotes goddamnit (nsfw)" "Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?


Because his wife died."
"Im single by choice" "Someone elses choice"
"I want to start a bird feeding company." "I want to start a bird feeding company.

All I need is some seed money."
"Hierarchy at the workplace" "is like monkeys on a tree. 

The ones below look up and all they see are assholes."
"What sound does an airplane make when it bounces?" "Boeing... Boeing"
"What do you get if you eat 3.14 cakes?" "Fat. You get fat.


What were you expecting, a pi joke on my cake day?"
"There is now irrefutable evidence that the 2020 presidential election was fraudulent." "It was a conspiracy organized by 81.3 million voters"
"My wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall" "I said maybe."
"HR: We can't give you 10 LPA. So, tell me a good final amount based on your experience." "Me: 9.99
A long silence."
"What did Charmander say to Pikachu after seeing him surf?" Charmander
"""do you believe in ghosts?""" "**Me:** lol no— even my grandma says that's dumb

""dude your grandma died 10 years ago""

**Me:** what?!"
"What did Bulbasaur say after too much sex?" &gt;!Bulbasaur!&lt;
"So my cousin Billy goes to shit in his ex wife's bath tub right" "And lo and behold, he finds out she sold the tub! He shit in her mailbox instead"
"What did Charizard say after finding out his wife cheated on him?" &gt;!Charizard!&lt;
"What did the fish say when it hit the wall?" “FUCK!”
"Dave was telling Bob about his new job" "Dave: ""Pays good, but tiring as I have to push sales every day.""

Bob: ""Tiring? What are you selling?""

Dave: ""Used cars."""
"Why was the dyslexic worried about going to KFC?" "He was afraid to meet the finger licking dog."
"I applied to be a vegetable farmer.." "They said they won’t pay me hourly they’ll pay me celery!"
"Buddy of mine was complaining about work, having a hard time dealing with his two aides." "I said tell me about it, I just got my third hepatitis."
"So you're here to see some jokes?" "Well our existence is a joke. This society is failing and what's the point to life D:"
"If sex with three people is called a threesome and sex with four people is called a foursome." "I guess now it’s clear why everyone calls me handsome."
"There's a reason why Dads tell more dad jokes to kids who act up." Pun-ishment
"What do you call a pig that does Karate?" "PORK CHOP!!"
"I’m banned for life from acting in our production of Romeo and Juliet, just because I misunderstood the stage directions." "It said, [Enter Juliet from the rear]"
"Thought I found a new groundbreaking invention" "Turns out it was just another hoe"
"Czech in the male" "There once was a famous lion trainer, he was marvelous, people from all around came to see him perform his tricks. But the man is getting old so he decides to retire, he also chooses to start a school to train more lion trainers like him. 2 students show up to the school, an Irish man, and a Czech man, so after weeks of training the retired lion trainer leaves the school to run some errands, and leaves the students alone with their lions. So when the trainer comes back to the school he sees the Irish man running to him ""come quick"" he shouted in terror, so they get inside and the Irish man says ""the Czech man was eaten by a lion!"" So the trainer says, ""which lion? The male or the female?"" And the Irish man says ""the male"" so the trainer gets his sword, and cuts open the lion, but there is no Czech man inside. The lesson of the story is to never trust an Irish man when he says there is a check in the mail"
"Buddy of mine was complaining about work, saying he was sick of dealing with his two aids." "I said tell me about it, I just got my third hepatitis."
"Blonde Sells Car" "A blonde tried to sell her old car. She was having a lot of problems selling it, because the car had 250,000 miles on it. One day, she told her problem to a brunette she worked with at a salon. The brunette told her, “There is a possibility to make the car easier to sell, but it’s not legal.” “That doesn’t matter,” replied the blonde, “if I only can sell the car.” “Okay,” said the brunette. “Here is the address of a friend of mine. He owns a car repair shop. Tell him I sent you and he will turn the counter in your car back to 50,000 miles. Then it should not be a problem to sell your car.” The following weekend, the blonde made the trip to the mechanic. About one month after that, the brunette asked the blonde, “Did you sell your car?” 

“No,” replied the blonde, “why should I? It only has 50,000 miles on it!”"
"What has four eyes but cannot see?" Mississippi.
"What is Princess Leia's favorite sex act?" "Giving Han Jobs"
"My printer died last night under suspicious circumstances." "Epson didn't kill itself."
"Why are Star Wars movies released in the order of 456, 123, 789?" "Released by Yoda they were"
"A boy wakes up from bed." "As he walks downstairs, his mother ask him what he wants to eat for breakfast, in which he replies ""Strawberries"". The mother is mortified, and instantly sends her son to school.

&amp;#x200B;

At school, the teacher ask all the students what is their favorite fruit, and the boy raises his hand and says ""strawberries"". The teacher is mortified, and sends the boy to the principal's office.

&amp;#x200B;

At the principal's office, the principal asked the boy, ""Why were you sent here"", and the boy replied saying, ""I said strawberries, sir"". The principal is mortified, and sends the kid home.

&amp;#x200B;

As the kid walks home, a cop notices him and pulls up besides him, and asked, ""What are you doing here, aren't you supposed to be in school?"", in which the boy replies, ""I got kicked out of school for saying strawberries"". The cop is mortified, and arrest the boy, and gets a 20 year sentence. 

&amp;#x200B;

20 years later, the now grown man is walking on the street, wondering ""Why was saying strawberries so wrong?"", and ""why did it ruin my life?"". Just as he was crossing the street, a bus hit him. 

Moral of the story is, always look both sides before crossing the road."
"Just got my covid vaccine and I’m really feeling it..." "I’m really glad that guy behind Walmart had a few extra shots"
"How do you know if a fisherman is rich?" "Check his net income."
"I told my pregnant wife that everything is going to change after this baby is born." "Like my name, address, phone number."
"My roommate was scared and thought he had covid so I asked him to sniff my deodorant to see if he could still smell. He immediately ran out of the room to go get tested." "Once he was gone, I put my unscented deodorant back in my room."
"I accidentally took my grandpas viagra thinking it was my anti depressant medication" "It’s gunna be a hard day..."
"Jack takes ball bearings to school" "He gets bored during class, takes them out, and rolls them back and forth across his desk. A couple of them roll right off the desk, up the aisle between the desks, and right up to the teacher. She sees the ball bearings and realizes that someone has been playing instead of paying attention.

""Who has steel balls?"" she asks, now furious.

Jack yells out, ""Superman!"""
"What's the difference between a tuna, glue and a piano?" "You can tuna piano but you can't piano tuna."
"Biden has directed all adults to be eligible for the vaccine by May 1st." "Most Trump supporters therefore will not be eligible."
"Mandela walks into a bar...." "But I could have sworn it is a restaurant"
"My dad was worried about me so he called &amp; asked, ""Are you safe, sun""?" "And I said, ""Yes, dead!"""
"Is your name Jasmine?" "Because you've always got Aladdin side you."
"“i was bullied for liking anime”" "nah tell the whole story— you were running in the hallways acting you were NARUTO"
"ZERO equals ONE" "A boy comes home from middle school and his father asks what he learned in school today, to which the boy responds, ""ZERO equals ONE"" yelling it practically.  The father looks at him and says, ""Son, zero is zero and one is one.""  But the boy continues yelling, annoyingly now, ""ZERO equal ONE, ZERO equals ONE!""  And at this point the father gives up and figures this must be some dumb internet prank for tiktok to annoy your parents and see how they react.  


But the next day, the boy comes home shouting and hollering the same thing, ""ZERO equal ONE, ZERO equals ONE!"" and the father grows concerned what the school is teaching the boy.  He asks his son, ""Who taught you this?"" and the boy says, ""My math teacher."" So the father phones the school to set up a parent conference with the math teacher.  


The father meets the math teacher and explains is boy has been hooting and hollering and screaming ""zero equals one"" for days, and he claims the math teacher was the source.  To which the math teacher replies, ""Hmmm that's odd, I never teach my students to scream, but in some cases zero can equal one"". This perplexes the father even more, and he asks the math teacher to explain what on earth he's talking about, to which the math teacher calmly goes to the board and writes down 0! = 1!"
"I was offered sex with a 21 year old girl today" "In exchange I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner. Ofcourse I declined, because I'm a person with high moral standards and strong willpower. Just as strong as ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner. Now available with scented lemon or vanilla."
"Wife is tired of me using trite, meaningless expressions and overusing contractions. Oh well..." "It's what it's."
"How do you know when the vegetables are ready?" "Their wheelchairs float to the top. 

Sorry"
"What is a tornadoes favorite drink?" "Twister Tea"
"A guy and his monkey walk into a bar" "and the guy's sitting at the bar orders a beer. The monkey jumps on the bar and grabs the olives and starts eating them all.

""What the fuck, man?"" the bartender yells, ""Take care of your monkey.""

""Yeah, sorry about that. Get down, monkey.""

The monkey's chill for a few minutes but then climbs back on the bar and eats up the cherries and nuts.

""HEY! What the FUCK!""

""Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry. Get down, monkey, for real.""

So the bartender's pretty much had it but the monkey mellows out for a few minutes and he pours the guy another beer. But out of nowhere the monkey jumps up on the pool table and swallows the cue ball.

""THAT'S IT! GET OUT! ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? YOU'RE PAYING FOR THAT SHIT, TOO!""

The guy drops $69 dollars on the bar covering his tab, the tip and the ball. He grabs the monkey and leaves.

Six months pass and the guy decides it's been enough time to try that same bar again. Of course he brings in the monkey who's doing the same shit. He jumps up on the bar and starts going through the food, but this time he grabs a nut and rams it up his ass, pulls it out and pops it in his mouth. He scampers down to the other side of the bar and does the same shit with a cherry. Picks it out of the little divided plastic thingy, rams it up his ass, and pops it in his mouth.

Everyone's staring, which makes sense with all that's going on, and the bartender says, ""HOLY SHIT, MAN. WHAT THE FUCK'S WITH YOUR MONKEY?! WHY'S HE DOING THAT!?""

""Oh, yeah. Ever since the cue ball he checks and see if it fits before he eats anything."""
"An electrical current joins the air force" "He was too afraid to fly over enemy ohmland because he was worried he'd be grounded."
"Three friends married women from different parts of the world…" "The first man married a Greek woman. He told her that she was to do the dishes and clean the house. It took a couple of days, but on the third day he came home to see a clean house and the dishes washed and put away…

The second man married a Thai woman. He gave his wife orders that she was to do all the cleaning, dishes and cooking. The first day he didn't see any results but the next day there was some improvement, and by the third day he saw his house was clean, the dishes were done and there was a huge and delicious dinner on the table.

The third man married a woman from Scotland. He ordered her to keep the house clean, wash the dishes, mow the lawn, do the laundry and prepare a hot meal three times a day. The first day he didn't see anything, the second day he didn't see anything either, but by the third day the swelling had gone down a little and he could see out of his left eye and his arm had healed enough that he could fix himself a sandwich and load the dishwasher. He still has some difficulty when he urinates."
"What do you call a martini wearing a mask?" "A Quarentini"
"Why was the flower so dangerous?" "It had a concealed pistil."
"Why are the republicans against transpeople adopting children?" "Because they hate trans-parency"
"What type of tree would a Karen most likely be?" " Some type of White Birch."
"Call me old school but..." "...I like a woman without a penis."
"Did you hear about the musician who completely gave up the guitar to become a lawyer?" "He became disbarred."
"I just read about a group of suicide bombers that were dressed like clowns." "It's a really messed up story, but credit where credit's due...at least someone's trying to put the fun back in fundamentalism"
"For 7 years i was addicted to the hokey pokey." "Then i turned myself around...because that's what it's all about."
"Why is it so popular for plants to change sex?" "Because they have less stigma to stamen."
"This is a Mean joke." " A physicist, an engineer, and a statistician go on a hunting trip, they are walking through the woods when they spot a deer in a clearing. The physicist calculates the distance of the target, the velocity and drop of the bullet, adjusts his rifle, and fires, missing the deer 5 feet to the left. The engineer rolls his eyes. 'You forgot to account for wind. Give it here, he snatches the rifle, licks his finger, and estimates the speed and direction of the wind and fires, missing the deer 5 feet to the right. Suddenly, the statistician claps his hands and yells ""We got him!"""
"Three women are changing at the gym when a man wearing nothing but a ski mask enters the changeroom and starts dancing in front of the women." "The first woman looks at the man and says, ""I don't know who this guy is, but he isn't my husband!""

The second woman takes a closer look at the man. Then she turns to the first woman and says, ""You are right. He isn't your husband.""

The third woman takes an even closer look and says, ""He's not even a member of this gym."""
"A pregnant lady at the doctors." "Doctor: ""Do you wish that the the baby's father be present at the birth?""

Patient: ""I prefer not. He doesn't get along with my husband."""
"I’m not fat..." "I’m enlarged to show texture."
"my brother and i are totally failing at reaching out to women's groups to let them know of new vaccine availability" "not one response to our invitation to a johnson &amp; johnson injection"
"Sad news." "About Meghan Markles car crash next month..."
"Camel Joke" "A young camel asks his mother
“Why do I have a big hump on my back”
The mother replies 
“You use it to store water when your in the desert”
“That’s cool” says the young camel “ And why do I have these big hooves”
The mother answers “Your hooves stop you from sinking in the quicksand when your in the desert “
“That’s brilliant “says the young camel “Why do I have such long eyelashes “
“They stop sand from going into your eyes while wandering the desert “ his mother explains 
The young camel pauses for a moment 
“Well, why am I in the zoo”"
"What do you call a dating website for QAnon believers?" Qpid
"Why can't cowboys marry?" "Because they say ""howdy partner!"""
"Did you see where CDC is talking to Dollar General about being vaccination hubs?" "Glad I got the Moderna shot before they came out with Ma-Darn-ya at DG!

It will either be that one or Jones&amp;Joneses or Pie-zurr."
"A guy comes to the doctors office and says" "G: “Doctor, when I touch my head, it hurts”
Doctor checks out his head, makes scans of his brain, takes his blood test. Nothing comes out, the guy is perfectly fine

The guy says
G: “But it still hurts when I touch it!”
Doctor: “Touch your chest, does it hurt?”
G: “Yes”
Doctor: “Now touch your ass, does it also hurt?”
G: “Yes”
Doctor: “Touch your dick, does it hurt too?”
G: “Yes”
Doctor: “Sir, I think your finger is broken”"
"What did the Pokemon say after having too much sex." "Vulva Sore."
"Living beside a groundhog means you get one prediction every morning." "Yesterday I learned that my tomatoes will be ripe in 6 weeks.

Today I learned that my dementia is onset and early."
"Why did my abusive father cross the road?" "Beats me"
"What happened after the vibrator got arrested?" "It was charged with sexual battery."
"What type of image formats do lion photographers use?" RAWR
"What type of image format do lions photographers use?" RAWR
"I keep trying to enlist my Slaking in making us some bread" "But he’s too busy loafing around"
"Why was Prince Charles’s dick multicoloured?" "He kept dipping it in Di"
"So the life guard jacked me up the other day..." """Hey, I'm going to have to throw you out. You can't pee in the pool!""

""Everyone pees in the damn pool!"" I say.

""That's a maybe, but not from the diving board!"""
"What does the sign on an out of business brothel say (nsfw)" "We're closed ,beat it"
"Jesus: —Dammit!!! *flips table*" "God: Je-Jesus listen, listen...
You said you would take care of this if they went the other way."
"Did you hear the one about the talking dog?" "No? I'll let him tell you"
"what does the corn say when the farmer comes?" "*shuckles* i'm in danger"
"Are you opposite over hypotenuse?" "Because you're making me wanna sin"
"What does the sign on on out of business brothel say (NSFW)" "Beat it ,we're closed"
"The only thing flat earthers fear..." "... is sphere itself."
"A drug addict, a man taking a nap, and Donald Trump." "What are a user, a snoozer, and a sore loser."
"What does a woman get out of a penis?" Wrinckles
"Trump doesn’t know geography..." "Instead of building a wall on the Mexico border, he built one in Washington DC"
"Goldie is speaking to his label manager..." "What's a raver's favourite granola bar?

The ""Almond break"" ..."
"My first date in 5 years." "This may offend some people, so if you are easily offended please do not read. 

I went on my first date in 5 years last night. Everything was going very well. We had a coffee and then went to diner at a reasonably nice restaurant. We spoke about what our likes were, what we disliked and it seemed like a reasonable enough match to continue the date. We went to the casino after diner and lost a few dollars and laughed about it. We then went dancing and had a few drinks, maybe she had a few too many. She started getting emotional. I begged her to tell me what was going on and she said it me. I was the problem. You see, I had reminded her of her father. Her FATHER. Oh boy. Well, I said that wasn't too uncommon and that women find men like their father attractive and I said he must have been a real handsome fellow. She cried even more. She revealed that he had died in a horrible plane crash. I gasped. Yes, she explained that her father was a pilot on the 9/11 planes that crashed into the ground. I said I was sorry. But I was really interested in this part of her life, I asked her what had happened on that day. She said everything seemed normal until she got a phone call from her father. A phone call? She said he had called her during his last few minutes before the crash. He had explained to her what a loving and caring girl she had been in his life. Explained all the things he wanted to tell her before and reminded her that he had loved her very much. I said, ""what were the last words he spoke to you."" she said ""alli-ach-bar"" or something like that."
"I take the scalpel from the nurse and shakily make the first cut." "The pay is good but I think I might have taken ""fake it till you make it"" too far."
"It's really fun ticking off items in my bucket list." "Too bad, my pen ran out of ink."
"A little boy with diarrhea ask his mom" "\-Hey mom, do you have Viagra?

The mom goes: What? What on Earth do you need that for??!!

\-Well, isn't that what you give dad when his sh\*t doesn't get hard??"
"What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?" "Trump has never had a garbanzo bean on his face. 

Shout out u/bigatx they deserve the credit"
"What’s the difference between a person with one watch and a person with two watches?" "What’s the difference between a person with one watch and a person with two watches?

A person with one watch knows what time it is."
"Alien: Ohh I see, if many cars are outside of a building there must be lots of people inside! shoots office* Haha, 200 kills, nice! shoots school* Ohhh, 356 kills, hell yeah! shoots car dealership* Five...kills? HOW RICH WERE THOSE FUCKERS?!" "(Sorry for poor english)"
"There was a sign on the side of the street saying: ""do not use the term 'every sign is ther because someone tried it' on these premises""" "A man walked up to the sign and said: ""heh, every sign is there because someone tried it!""

He was shot 47 times by the IRS..."
"What do you call a Joint in the Star Wars universe?" Chewbacco.
"Why did Hitler enjoy using coal powered vehicles?" "It saved gas for his other plans"
"This morning my son said his ear hurt and I asked on the inside or outside.." "He walks out the front door, comes back in and says both. I wonder if me saving for university is just too much."
"Vegan joke" "A friend of mine, Hunter, came out as Vegan. 

He left our friend group after we started calling him gatherer."
"So did you hear about the guy that took Nancy Pelosi’s lectern?" "The judge says he’s can go to trial, but he can’t take the stand! 

(Sorry if is been posted before, my big bro came up with it and said to post it on my Reddit machine)"
"America sure is having some bad luck..." "It's almost like it was built on some ancient, indigenous burial ground"
"Why does everyone hang out with matches?" "Because they're lit."
"[NSFW] Johnny is in sex-ed class..." "...and the teacher draws a diagram of a penis on the board. She turns and asks the class,
""Does anyone know what this is?""
Johnny's hand shoots up and he says, ""Yeah, I know! My dad has two of them!""
The teacher gives Johnny a quizzical look and asks, ""Are you sure?""
""Yep,"" Johnny says with confidence. ""He uses the little one to pee, and he uses the big one to brush the babysitter's teeth!"""
"I've finally worked out why Spain is so good at football." "Nobody expects the Spanish in position."
"A teacher was teaching her second grade class about the government..." "A teacher was teaching her second grade class about the government...

So for homework, she told her her students to ask their parents what the government is. When Little Johnny got home that day, he went up to his dad and ask his what the government was. His dad thought for a while and answered, ""Look at it this way: I'm the president, your mom is Congress, your maid is the work force, you are the people and your baby brother is the future."" 

""I still don't get it"" responded the Little Johnny. ""Why don't you sleep on it then? Maybe you'll understand it better,"" said his dad.

In the middle of the night, Little Johnny was awakened by his baby brother's crying. He went to his baby brother's crib and found that his baby brother had taken a crap in his diaper.  So Little Johnny went to his parents' room to get help.  When he got there, he looked through the keyhole to check if his parents were asleep.  Through the keyhole he saw his mom loudly snoring, but his dad wasn't there. So he went to the maid's room. When he looked through the maid's room keyhole, he saw his dad having sex with his maid.  

Little Johnny was surprised, but then he just realized something and thinks aloud,  ""Oh! Now I understand the government! The President is screwing the work force, Congress is fast asleep, nobody cares about the people, and the future is full of shit!"""
"What's The Greatest Difference Between You And A God?" "You would probably feel awkward if someone said ""Nice weather"" and you replied ""Thanks"""
"Three friends are in a hotel room in Soviet Russia." " The first two men open a bottle of vodka, while the third is tired and goes straight to bed. He is unable to sleep however, as his increasingly drunk friends tell political jokes loudly.

After a while, the tired man gets frustrated and walks downstairs for a smoke. He stops in the lounge and asks the receptionist to bring tea to their room in five minutes.

The man walks back into the room, joins the table, leans towards a power outlet and speaks into it:

""Comrade major, we want some tea to room 62 please.""

His friends laugh on the joke, until there is a knock on the door. The receptionist brings a teapot. His friends fall silent and pale, horrified of what they just witnessed. The party is dead, and the man goes to sleep.

After a good night's rest, the man wakes up, and notices his friends are gone. Surprised, he walks downstairs and asks the receptionist where they went.

The nervous receptionist whispers that KGB came and took them before dawn.

The man is horrified. He wonders why he was spared.

The receptionist responds:

""Well, comrade major did quite like your tea joke."""
"Poor Dave ..." "Poor Dave had spent his life making wrong decisions. If he bet on a horse, it would lose. If he chose one elevator rather than another, it was the one he chose that stalled between floors. The line he picked before the bank teller's cage never moved. And so it went, day after day, year after year. Then, once, it became necessary for Dave to travel to some city a thousand miles away and do it quickly. A plane was the only possible conveyance that would get him there in time, and it turned out that only one company supplied only one flight that would do. His heart bounded. There was no choice to make! And if he made no choice, surely he could come to no grief. He took the plane.

Imagine his horror when, midway in the flight, the plane's engines caught fire and it became obvious the plane would crash in moments. Dave broke into fervent prayer to his favorite saint, Saint Francis. He pleaded, ""I have never in my life made the right choice. Why this should be, I don't know, but I have borne my cross and have not complained. On this occasion, however, I did not make a choice; this was the only plane I could take and I had to take it. Why, then, am I being punished?"" He had no sooner finished when a giant hand swooped down out of the clouds and somehow snatched him from the plane.

There he was, miraculously suspended two miles above the earth's surface, while the plane spiraled downward far below. A heavenly voice came down from the clouds. ""My son, I can save you, if you have in truth called upon me.""

""Yes, I called on you,"" cried Dave. ""I called on you, Saint Francis!""

""Ah,"" said the heavenly voice, ""Did you mean Saint Francis Xavier or Saint Francis of Assisi?"""
"Igetit and Idontgetit went to the beach..." "Igetit drowned. Who's left?"
"What does CallMeCarson's car sound like?" "Groom Groom"
"My first time posting here, made up this one late night so, please be gentle with me kind stranger..." "So a Cambodian guy walks into a bar, 
He orders a drink from the bartender. 
The bartender was new to the place and hasn't seen much foreigners so confused by the customer's race he makes conversation saying.
""Hey your people are famous for their great sushi I've heard""

The guy looks at the bartender and says
"" Oh no no that's not my people that's the Japanese people""

Then the bartender being embarrassed tries to redeem himself and says
"" Well Its a damn shame that your country is known for the virus outbreak now""

The customer looks confused and replies back 
""Ah well the outbreak was in china not my country""

After another failure the bartender gives his last shot 
He looks at the guy one  more time and says
"" Say your country is famous for its architecture like that twin towers i saw on tv""

The customer tries to guess what place is he talking about now and replies
""Oh no you got it wrong again that's Indonesia not my country""

The frustrated bartender gives up and says 
""Okay fine ! I give up ! What IS your country famous for??""

The customer takes a sip out of drink looks at the bartender and says
"" honestly ,.... i have no fucking idea"""
"Made this one up at 3am. I don't post here so, please be gentle with me...." [deleted]
"After the losing party refuses to accept election results, a country is teetering on the edge of a civil war." "Armed insurgents invade the capitol, threaten violence and are ultimately overpowered. But intelligence shows that they may be planning another attack.  

The country’s leaders ask for advice in how to handle the violence.  

The winning party yells “Impeach the outgoing president during his final week in office!”  

The losing party pleads for unity while still refusing to concede the election.  

One man looks out at the scene of thousands of military troops forced to sleep in the capitol to protect it, heads resting on cold hard floor, and advises the president that we need to call up even more troops and impose martial law.  

“And what is your background?” the president asks. “Are you a homeland security expert? Or a military general with experience in revolutions?”  

“No.” the man answers. “I’m a pillow salesman.”"
"Having Gandalf as a driving instructor is awful" "Keeps telling me I'm not gonna pass :("
"Everybody knows Stan...." " At a big company's job party, Stan starts explaining to his boss how EVERYONE knows him.  
His boss says: “There's no way everyone knows you... I tell you what – If I can find a person who knows you, I'm going to halve your salary, if I can't I'm going to triple it!""

Stan immediately agrees to the challenge so his Boss starts off by going to everyone at the party, and always before he's about to introduce Stan, the other person beats him to it and greet Stan in excitement, their old friend.

“Alright, impressive.” says the boss. “You've worked here for a long time, so knowing a few hundred coworkers is not THAT big of a deal. Let's give you a real challenge.” So they go to the supermarket, to the police, to the mayor's office and ultimately to their country's president, and damned be... EVERYONE knows Stan.

The boss is stunned, but doesn't give up: “I can hardly believe it, but then again, it's a small country we live in, so it's possible you know everyone here. Let's up the ante...” … and before the boss goes on, Stan interrupts him and says: “Look – just name ANYONE, and I'll prove you they know me”.  
The boss shoots out: “Brad Pitt, does he know you?”. Stan opens up his phone, and finds Brad's number under favorite contacts, calls him and puts him on the speaker. “Yo Stan! How are you mate, long time no hear!” Brad shouts into the phone without hesitation.

The boss is shocked. He continues to go down a list of celebrities – Trump, Vladimir Putin, Lady gaga,... all of them, even Mr. Bean breaks character to greet their old friend Stan.   
Boss thinks to himself “I'm not going to lose this bet, no way.”, and says to Stan “Let's go, we're going to the Vatican”.

They get to the Vatican, where the Pope has a ceremonial speech, and the crowd is packed before the Vatican palace. They start going through the huge crowd, slowly making their way to the center stage where, the boss is sure he will win his bet – there is NO way that the Pope knows Stan.

Yet before they get there, the Pope suddenly stops speaking and looks towards the crowd where Stan and his boss are moving through, and yells: “Stan! Is that you my friend?! It is you! Come join me on the stage my old friend!”

So Stan joins the pope on stage, and they both start waving to the crowd. Seeing this the boss is in awe, and before he gets to compose himself from the shock of all of this, a group of Chinese tourists disturb him, and ask: “Hey, have you got any idea who that guy waving next to Stan is?”"
"Couldnt find any bread today." "Guess marie antoinette was right."
"Why don’t British people cry at funerals?" "They are used to Casual Teas"
"Give a man an inch," "and right away he thinks he's a ruler."
"People tried telling me I couldn't pull a trailer with my car" "but it went off without a hitch."
"Do you know why Scooby Doo is the most viewed cartoon in Denmark?" "Because he’s a Great Dane"
"What's the difference between Antony Hopkins' character in Silence of the Lambs and someone who taunted Jeffery Dahmer as he ate?" "One's Hannibal Lechter and the other's a cannibal heckler."
"Where do Sith Lords go shopping?" "The Darth Maul"
"Unknown to me, a rat was clinging to the blade of my ceiling fan as I switched it to high!" "It was flung off and put a huge ro dent in my wall."
Fedex "Fedex is like my ex, no communication, no respect for my stuff, it never seems to come and somehow it makes me think it's my fault."
"Lot of men say women are a pain in the ass." "I disagree. 

If there were no women on Earth, the pain in the ass would be even more."
"Two nuns are sharing a bath." "One says ""where's the soap?""

The other replies ""yes, it does, doesn't it?"""
"Who came first? The man or the woman?" "The man, after about 30 seconds."
"I overdosed on Viagra once." "It was the hardest day of my life."
"A man’s walking home late at night when he sees a woman in the shadows.´Twenty bucks´ she says. He’s never been with a prostitute before but he decides what the hell." " They are going at it for a minute when all of a sudden a light flashes on them, it’s a policeman.

“What’s going on here, people?” asks the officer.

“I’m making love to my wife,” the man answers indignantly.

“Oh, I’m sorry,” says the cop, “I didn’t know.”

“Well,” said the man, “to tell the truth neither did I until you flashed that light on her face.”"
"A bus stops and two Asian men get on." "A bus stops and two Asian men get on. They seat themselves, and engage in animated conversation. The lady sitting behind them ignores their conversation at first, but she listens in horror as one of the men says the following:

""Emma come first. Then I come. Two asses, they come together. I come again. Two asses, they come together again. I come again and pee twice. Then I come once-a more.""

""You foul-mouthed swine,"" retorted the lady indignantly.  “In this country we don't talk about our sex lives in public!""

""Hey, cool down lady,"" said the man. ""I'm just teaching my friend how to spell Mississippi.”"
"Two hair strands went on their first date to a barbershop" "Afterwards they cut eachother off"
"What did one traffic light say to the other?" "*""Stop looking! I’m changing!""*"
"What's funnier than a joke on r/jokes?" "The comment section ⬇️⬇️"
"I hate people with 8 toes" "I'm lack toes intolerant"
Yummy!! "Once a dog brings cake on a Chinese man's birthday

The Chinese Man smiles and says,"" Thank You cake""."
"I hate people with 9 toes." "I'm lack toes intolerant."
"Dr. Fauci referred to Trump's rose garden gathering as a super spreader event." "He also called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze a Super Shredder event."
"Trump called Biden" "“Hi Joe, want me to concede? Give back my Twitter! Deal? “"
"Space love" "Gf-you are my moon
Me- aww
Gf- and I am Jupiter
😂😂"
"What does a robot do after sex?" "Nuts and bolts"
"How rich are garbage men?" Filthy
"Brain transplants will never be possible." "Change my mind."
"When do Pirates acquire their crew?" "During mating season"
"I ordered a second-hand deck of cards from a casino." "After four weeks they still hadn’t been delivered so I rang them up to see what was going on.

They told me they were still dealing with my order."
"Pigs in a blanket." "My wife on a cold winter morning."
"There were so many things we could have done better to ward of COVID" "But I guess hindsight is always 2020."
"How does the reddit user get karma when they don’t deserve it?" "Piece of cake"
"What do you get when you eat 3.14 slices of cake?" "Diabetes.

What?, did you really think I was gonna make a pie joke on my cake day?"
"What are Super Mario’s pants made out of?" "Denim Denim Denim"
"How does Armie Hammer eat ass?" "With a fork and knife."
"Why did the picture go to jail?" "Because it was framed."
Dilemma "A male student asked his english professor “what is the definition of dilemma?”.

The Professor said “well there’s nothing better than an example to illustrate that”

“Imagine that you are laying in the middles of a big bed with a beautiful naked young woman on one side, and a gay man on the other, who are you going to turn your back to?”"
"A married couple are sailing with a young tour guide." "There's a sudden storm and the boat gets destroyed. Luckily, all three of them survive and manage to swim towards a small island.

Once they've caught their breath, the tour guide speaks. ""Let's take turns keeping watch for any ships that come by for help. I'll climb up that palm tree and keep watch during the day, and one of you can keep watch in the night.""

The couple agree, and decide that the husband will keep watch in the day, and the tour guide at night, with the wife watching the coastline both times.

The tour guide climbs up the tree and begins to get comfortable. After a few minutes, he looks down at the couple and yells, ""Hey you two, stop fucking down there!""

""We're not fucking down here!“, the husband yells back. After some more time passes, the tour guide once again looks down and yells"" Stop fucking down there!""

Once again, the husband denies any fucking. This continues for a while until it is night and the husband climbs up the tree.

The tour guide seduces the wife and begins to have sex with her once they are alone.

Meanwhile, the husband stretched out on the tree and narrows his eyes at them. ""Hey!"" he thinks, ""that son of a bitch was right! It really does look like they're fucking down there!"""
"Trump, Cruz and Graham is sitting in a restaurant and the waiter comes over and asks..." "Is everything alt right?"
"Why do men name their dicks?" "Because they don't like strangers making all their decisions for them."
"Gunna open a new sushi take away place" "called The Handrolls Tale"
"Visitor to London" "A tourist is sat on his own in a small bar in Shoreditch, waiting for his friends. After a moment, two girls arrive, sit down on the table next to him and are soon deep in conversation, waiting for their drinks to be served.

New to the city, he decides to take a chance to strike up a conversation with some locals, and turns to the girls and asks them, ""I couldnt help noticing your accents, are you two lovely girls from London?"" 

Clearly aggitated by his advance, rolling her eyes, one of the girls immediately snarls back... ""No! Fucking Wales."" before turning back to her friend.

""I'm dreadfully sorry"" he says, ""I've not been here before and the accent is new to me!"" as his face flushes red with embarassment... ""My mistake...!

...are you two _fucking whales_ from London?"""
"i wanna hold a mirror up to society. and then win an award for world's biggest mirror." 
"A colon can completely change the meaning of a sentence. For example:" "
-	Jane ate her friend’s sandwich.

-	
-	-	Jane ate her friend’s colon."
"Why did the NRA file for bankruptcy?" "Because classes are being taught virtually"
"What have good cops and good prisoners in common?" "They both get released early for good behaviour."
"What do you call a little person psychic on a murdering spree?" "A small medium at large :DD"
"People who play chess think that people who play checkers are dumb. But I like playing checkers... Plus, the red ones are tasty." 
"A secretary tells the therapist ""you have a new patient here""" "Secretary: He wants you to help him because he believes he's invisible. He doesn't have an appointment, though.

Therapist: ""No appointment?! Tell him I can't see him."""
"Tom and Yuu's love story" "Tom Wake and Yuu Watanabe met in Japan while Tom was on a business trip. Ironically, Tom didn't want to take the job, but he was the only one fluent in Japanese, so he reluctantly went on the trip. Usually, deals like these took place over video conferences, but the company's client insisted on meeting in person. Little did he know this trip would be a memorable one. He met the client. And she was beautiful. Her name was Yuu Watanabe, and when Tom's gaze met hers, he felt his heart skip a beat. He didn't know it yet, but the feeling was mutual.

The business deal was finished within a matter of hours, but since Tom was given the entire weekend to close the deal, he spent the rest of the trip with Yuu. The two fell in love. Then it came time for Tom to return back to the United States. To his surprise, Yuu followed him, and they continued their romance. Months had passed and their love for each other never stopped or even slowed down. Yuu even learned to speak fluent English. Then it happened. Tom popped the question. And Yuu said yes.

The wedding was beautiful. Preparing for the wedding, on the other hand, took months. They had to fly in Yuu's family from Japan. They had to decide on a place to have the ceremony. They had a three layer cake and everyone left with gift bags worth $200. And to top it all off, after the ceremony, the two would ride off in a horse drawn carriage with ""Mr. &amp; Mrs. Wake"" written on the side. It was a long day with a lot of planning beforehand, but it was all with it in the end. And as they rode off in the carriage, Tom turned to his new wife and said...

&gt;!Hey, Yuu. You're finally a Wake.!&lt;"
"Why did the Tortoise's wife leave him for the Rabbit?" "Real men come second."
"If your friends force you to agree to a drinking..." "Does that mean you have succumb to beer pressure?"
"Why People Hate School Re-Unions" "Jan, Sue and Mary haven't seen each other since leaving school.

 They rediscover each other via a reunion website and arrange to meet for lunch in a wine bar.

Jan arrives first, wearing a beige Versace. She orders a bottle of Pinot Grigio.

Sue arrives shortly afterward, in grey Chanel. After the required ritualized kisses she joins Jan in a glass of wine.

Then Mary walks in, wearing a faded old tee-shirt, blue jeans and boots. She too shares the wine.

Jan  explains that after leaving school and graduating from Cambridge in  Classics, she met and married Timothy, with whom she has a beautiful  daughter. Timothy is a partner in one of London's leading law firms.  They live in a house in Chelsea, where Susanna, the daughter, attends  drama school. They have a second home in Italy.

Sue  relates that she graduated from St Thomas' and became a surgeon. Her  husband, Clive, is a leading City investment banker. They live  Kensington and have a second home in Florida.

Mary  explains that she left school at 17 and ran off with her boyfriend,  Jim. They run a tropical bird park in Ilford and grow their own  vegetables. Jim can stand five parrots, side by side, on his penis.

Halfway  down the third bottle of wine and several hours later, Jan blurts out  that her husband is really a cashier in Asda. They live in a small  apartment in Barking and have a caravan at Southend.

Sue,  chastened and encouraged by her old friend's honesty, explains that she  and Clive are both nurses in a retirement home. They live in Tower Hamlets and go on camping trips.

Mary admits that the fifth parrot has to stand on one leg."
"A man is out jogging" "And man is out jogging and he sees a kid approaching in the distance.

As they get closer, the man can see the kid is in a little red wagon and is getting pulled by a dog.

As they get even closer, the man can see the kid has a fireman's helmet on.

Just as they were about to pass, the man sees that the dog's leash isn't attached to the dog's collar, but is instead tied around the dog's balls!

The man stops the kid and says ""you know, the dog could probably pull you faster if you attached the leash to his collar""

.. and the kid replies: ""yeah, but then what would I do for a siren?"""
"Why are there no casinos in China?" "Because they don't like Tibet."
"What do lesbians and gang members have in common?" "Stay strapped or get clapped"
"Why would Quasimodo make such a good detective?" "He's always got a hunch."
"A man thinks that his wife is losing her hearing" "He is getting very frustrated with her because of it, but she denies it when he confronts her about it. So one day he decides to set up an experiment to prove it to her. 

He takes her out to the field behind their house and he places his wife at 100 yards away from him and shouts “Dolores!” He waits for her response, but nothing comes. 

He moves 50 yards closer and shouts “Dolores!” Still no response from her.

Finally he moves 5 feet away from her and shouts “Dolores!”

“What?!” She cries “For the third time WHAT?!?”"
"A, E, I, O, U, Who, When, Where, What..." "... and sometimes Y?"
"A pair of twins walk into a bar..." "A pair of twins walk into a bar.

A man walks up to them and asks:

""So is it true that twins can communicate telepathically""

They look at each other in silence for about 30 seconds when the man says:

""I'm sorry if that was an awkward question, it was stupid of me to ask""

They respond in unison ""No it's fine, we were just discussing an answer to give you"""
"An Artist asks his model if she’s okay with nudity" "Model-“Yes I am”
Artist- “Thank God! These pants were killing me!”"
"A worldwide survey was conducted by the UN." "A worldwide survey was conducted by the UN. The only question asked was: ""Would you please give your honest opinion about solutions to the food shortage in the rest of the world?"" The survey was a huge failure. In Africa they didn't know what ""food"" meant. In Eastern Europe they didn't know what ""honest"" meant. In Western Europe they didn't know what ""shortage"" meant. In China they didn't know what ""opinion"" meant. In the Middle East they didn't know what ""solution"" meant. In South America they didn't know what ""please"" meant. And in the USA they didn't know what ""the rest of the world"" meant."
"What do you call a stone age catgirl?" "A nyanderthal"
"German philosophy professor arrive to Australia" "Professor: Today we'll study Kant

Student: Ok, mate, so what we will study?"
"I’m proud to announce I have stuck to my New Years Resolution and did not bite my nails the entire month of January." "My feet have never looked better."
"An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar" "They missed the door."
"Man’s Laughter is no joke..." "Oops, I meant manslaughter"
"The food industry is running out of names for some of its products" "According to Anonymous Sauces"
"Why doesn't ganondorf go on the internet?" "Because there's too many links..."
"I would make a legend of Zelda joke but..." "I don't want to tri and force it..."
"Apparently the new Brazilian strain of coronavirus causes hair loss." [deleted]
"How can I reduce my passive aggression?" [deleted]
"What do you call a Hippie’s wife?" Mississippi
"How does Bernie Sanders stay so slim?" "Inter-mitten fasting."
"Did you hear about the new Transformers movie featuring LGBT people, it's called...." 
"An arsonist lights an economist's house on fire." "When the economist arrives home, he turns on the garden hose in his front yard and sprays a huge blast of water on the fire. This completely puts out the fire, but now a section of the house is covered in water.

The next day, the arsonist lights a chemist's house on fire.

When the chemist arrives home, he carefully studies the fire, then meticulously studies the water in his hose. Then he sprays just enough water on the fire that the fire is put out, and the house remains completely dry.

The next day, the arsonist lights a mathematician's house on fire.

When the mathematician arrives home, he looks at the fire, looks at his garden hose, says, ""A solution exists,"" and goes inside."
"Comrade Putin, is it true that you collect political jokes?" "Putin: ""Yes"" 

Me: And how many have you collected so far?

Putin:
“Three and a half prisons”"
"Climate change is like the square root of -1" "Complex, and important to study."
"Rabbit and Frog" "One day a Rabbit and a Frog were hopping through the forest, when all of a sudden they bump into each other.   They both apologise and exclaim that they are each blind.  The Rabbit says that he has always been blind and doesn't actually know what he is.  So the Frog said, that he has not always been blind and could probably tell what he was by touching him.  OK says the Rabbit.

So the Frog starts to run his pads all over the Rabbit,  Right says the Frog,  You are all furry, You have a little bobtail, long ears and a little cute nose.  I know what you are says the Frog.  You are a Rabbit.!

The Rabbit exclaims that, that is marvellous,   Let me do the same to you and try if I can tell what you are.

So the Rabbit proceeds to run his paws all over the Frog.

  Well says the Rabbit, You have a big mouth, and big bulging eyes, you head is small which suggests that your brain is too, and you are all slimey.  I know what you are.

You are a Moderator on a social media Platform."
"What do you call a sleepy Irishman?" "Mel O’Tonin."
"People who know basic french will understand this joke." "If Marie Curie was a nun, what would you call her?



Mère Curie"
"My friend was arrested for beating an unarmed black man to death" "He was charged with impersonating a police officer."
"Read this in a pirate voice" "Did ye hear what happened to Captain Bluebeard when he fell overboard in the Red Sea?

He got Marooned!"
"A man entered a pet shop, wanting to buy a parrot." "The shop owner pointed out three identical parrots on a perch and said, ""The parrot to the left costs 500 dollars.""
""Why does that parrot cost so much?"" the man wondered.
The owner replied, ""Well, it knows how to use a computer.""
The man asked about the next parrot on the perch.
""That one costs 1,000 dollars because it can do everything the other parrot can do, plus it knows how to use the UNIX operating system."" 

Naturally, the startled customer asked about the third parrot.
""That one costs 2,000 dollars.""

""And what does that one do?"" the man asked.
The owner replied, ""To be honest, I've never seen him do a thing, but the other two call him boss!"""
"This is the greatest joke I’ve ever made." "I’ve just moved house recently, I was hoping to make my bathroom a little more homely so I was really pleased when I saw some hand-made tiles recently. 
I bought a selection hand-painted with various waterfowl, but wouldn’t you know it I was just taking them upstairs &amp; I dropped the lot! They all broke, except for the Mallards &amp; Aylesburys. Must’ve been their greater duck-tile strength."
"The punchline comes before the joke" " You know what the worst thing about time travel jokes is?"
"I miss the age where my biggest worry was how I would tell my mom I pissed the bed." "Oh to be 23 again"
"What does a masochist and an action scene driver both say?" """Step on it!"""
"I tripped on my girlfriend's bra." "It was a booby trap."
"I called Johnny Depp to see what he's doing with his GME &amp; AMC holdings." 
"Sex newbie." "Two women, both friends, meet each other at the bar. One of the friends notice that the other was a bit more gloomier than usual.

Friend one: ""What's the matter?"" 

Friend two: ""Huh? Oh, well, I... Uh, my boyfriend's mad at me, and isn't talking to me these days.""

Friend one: ""Really? What happened?"" 

Friend two: ""Well... He said he wanted have sex a few days ago, so we did, but I kneed his groin and now he isn't happy with me.""

Friend one: ""You... What? Why'd you do that?""

Friend two: ""I thought that was what I was supposed to do! It was my first time, so I went onto Youtube, and found a tutorial. I remembered how my boyfriend said he would've liked to try out different sex positions, so I tried something called the 'common sex shin'!"""
"A gas station owner was trying to increase his sales, so he put up a sign that read, “Free Sex with Every Fill-Up.”" "
Rob pulled in, filled his tank and asked for his free sex. The owner told him to pick a number from 1 to 10, and said that if he guessed correctly, he would get his free sex. Rob said ""today is my birthday, i'm feeling LUCKY and I guess 8"".

The owner said, “You were very close, the lucky number was 7. Sorry, no sex this time.”

A week later, Rob, with his friend Marvin, pulled in for another fill-up. Again Rob asked for his free sex. The proprietor again gave him the same story, and asked him to guess the correct number. Rob guessed 2. The proprietor said, “Sorry, it was 3, you were very close, but no free sex this time.”

As they were driving away, Marvin said to Rob, “I think that game is rigged and he doesn’t really give away free sex at all.”

Rob replied, “No it’s genuine enough Marvin. My wife won twice last week.”"
"Did you know it's a sin to have sex before marriage?" "Except if you do it doggy style...as all dogs go to heaven."
"What do you call it when you throw away an old person but they return?" Boomerang.
"Private Petrov's mother died and the top brass told his drill sergeant to inform him, but do it delicately." [deleted]
"One day I convinced my brother to swallow a torch" "It was worth it just to see his little face light up"
"Why do you never see a hippo hiding in a tree?" [deleted]
"I only have a punchline. Need help with the joke:" 
DAM 
"Why do cows wear bells?" "Why do cows wear bells? 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Their horns don't work."
"A girl asking a guy - who are you planning to satisfy with that little thing?" "- Myself."
"I don't understand people sometimes..." [deleted]
"What's your favorite Robin Williams movie?" "Without a doubt, mine is Mrs. Fire."
"Without a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs. Fire." 
"Never date a girl..." [deleted]
"What do hamburgers wear when they have sex?" Condoments
"The airplane was filled with people to the last seat, everyone was waiting for the pilot and co-pilot to arrive." "Finally they come. The people can see them through the windows, they get inside the plane and the passengers are freaked out. Both pilot and co-pilot are wearing blindfolds marking them as blind, have white canes with them and dark sunglasses. The people freak out a bit, but after both of them get into the cockpit and start the plane, they calm down and are convinced it was just a stupid joke. So the plane starts rolling, and rolling and rolling on the runway. This airport runway is ending at a cliff, and the plane approaches it and doesn't seem to make any attempts to start. The people start screaming in panic, in this moment the plane takes off into the sky and everyone calms down.
In the cockpit the co-pilot turns to the pilot and grumbles: ""You know, one day they're going to scream too late, and we're all going to die."""
"How did the cowboy survive the stampede?" "He had herd immunity."
"What's it called when a man gets his crotch kicked." "Testicular Manslaughter."
"I told my husband I knew he was awesome because I took a poll..." "And hit people with it until they agreed with me. 

Edit: (sp?)"
"A Tree Falls In A Rainforest And Nobody Notices But Me" """Ha ha ha! My illegal tree cutting business is working!"""
"The Trainee Mortician" "A trainee Mortician gets asked by his boss to stay behind with an fbi case Jane doe and do his very first post mortem to see if they can agree the outcome. The very next day the boss comes in to find the young lad has been there all night. He asks for his conclusion to which the lad answered cause of death is asphyxiation as there is no markings on the body. Boss man says is there anything else remarkable worth taking note of to which the lad replied yes and not to be blunt sir but there's a prawn in her cunt.. 

Boss man.. There's a what?

Lad.. A PRAWN In her vagina!

Boss man.. Show me? 

Lad.. Well it looks like a prawn. Smells like a prawn and ever tastes like a prawn.

He proceeds to lift the cover and points..

Boss man.. Son that's her CLIT!"
"An art teacher, a math teacher, and a science teacher are all arguing over which one of them is the smartest." "The art teacher shows the others a giant clay sculpture of a dog he made. “This thing took me nearly a month to make.” He said. “Clearly this proves that I’m the smartest.”

The math teacher just laughs at him. “That’s nothing” she says. She then pulls out a huge 1’000 question math test which she took, and the score shows that she got them all right. “It took me two months to do this, and I got them all right on the first try!!”

“Oh you make me laugh” the science teacher says. He then pulls out a robot that he built which can do laundry, walk the dog, and shoot lasers out of its eyes. “Took me three months to build this beauty, watch and weep...”

Then the gym teacher comes laughing at all three of them. “You’re all idiots” He says. “Clearly I’m the smartest of you guys.”

“Oh yeah? Why’s that?” The science teacher says.

“Because I didn’t have to do any of that, and I still get paid the same as you!”"
"There are 10 types of people in this world. Those that understand binary," "... and the rest have girlfriends."
"Jamaican debaters only want one thing" "and it's to fucking discuss tings."
"A guy walks out of a bar" "On his way home he heads up an alley way and in that alley way, he sees a dumpster with a lamp in it

The guy picks up the lamp, opens its lid and a genie pops out saying “ I am the genie of the lost lamp and I will grant you 3 wishes but whatever you ask for, you’re ex wife gets double”

The guy then says “okay I wish for a giant mansion” - the genie claps his hands and the guy gets a giant mansion

The then guys says “for my second wish, I wish for 100 million dollars” - the genie claps his hands, and the guy gets 100 million dollars. 

Before the guy makes his third wish, the genie reminds him saying “Remember, your ex wife just got 2 giant mansions and 200 million dollars - this your last wish now”. 

So the guy takes a couple minutes to think about his last wish and then says “Okay genie, for my last wish I want you to take this baseball bat and beat me half to death with it”"
"What’s the difference between golfing and skydiving" "in golfing, you go whack, darn. in skydiving, you go darn, whack."
"A man, another man and a priest walk into a brothel.." "I forget the rest of the joke but your mom is a whore."
"Transporting prisoners" "Today in the UK twelve prisoners where being bused to another prison from HMP Stocken. Thay were in collision with a ready mix concrete truck, police are now looking for twelve hardened criminals"
"How is Donald Trump like a grape?" "Neither one can get an erection."
"How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish man?" None
"What’s the difference between School and Hell" "One has shootings"
"A nun comes to visit" "An old nun who was living in a convent next to a construction site noticed the coarse language of the workers and decided to spend some time with them to correct their ways. She decided she would take her lunch, sit with the workers, and talk with them. She put her sandwich in a brown bag and walked over to the spot where the men were eating. Sporting a big smile, she walked up to the group and asked: 

“And do you men know Jesus Christ?”
 
They shook their heads and looked at each other very confused. One of the workers looked up into the steelworks and yelled out, “Anybody up there know Jesus Christ?""  One of the steelworkers yelled down, ""Why?"" The worker yelled back, ""Cause his wife’s here with his lunch.”"
"Once I saw this guy on a bridge about to jump." "I said, ""Don't do it!"" He said, ""Nobody loves me."" I said, ""God loves you. Do you believe in God?""

He said, ""Yes."" I said, ""Are you a Christian or a Jew?"" He said, ""A Christian."" I said, ""Me, too! Protestant or Catholic?"" He said, ""Protestant."" I said, ""Me, too! What franchise?"" He said, ""Baptist."" I said, ""Me, too! Northern Baptist or Southern Baptist?"" He said, ""Northern Baptist."" I said, ""Me, too! Northern Conservative Baptist or Northern Liberal Baptist?""

He said, ""Northern Conservative Baptist."" I said, ""Me, too! Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region, or Northern Conservative Baptist Eastern Region?"" He said, ""Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region."" I said, ""Me, too!""

Northern Conservative†Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1879, or Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1912?"" He said, ""Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1912."" 

I said, ""Die, heretic!"" And I pushed him over.

(Emo Philips)"
"Building yachts" "I made a sailing boat in my attic/loft. Sales have gone through the roof"
"A clean/dirty joke my boys both learned to tell when they came of age (around 6 or 7)." "How do you catch an elephant?  

1.  You go to the jungle and dig a deep hole.

2.  You fill that hole with ashes

3. Open a large can of peas and place them all around the hole.

4. When the elephant comes to take a pea, you kick him in the ash hole."
"I have the worst neighbor in the World. He keeps on banging on the wall at 3:00 A.M." "It's really disrupting my drumming practice."
"I saw my neighbor talking to her cat this morning ..." "It was clear she thought that the cat understood her.

I came inside and told my dog. We had a good laugh about that."
"""Ugh. I have this Elliott Smith song stuck in my head.""" "Better than having one stuck in your chest..."
"A politician visited a small remote rural town and asked the inhabitants what the government could do for them." """We have two big needs,"" said the Town Mayor.  ""First, we have a clinic but no doctors.""

The politician whipped out his cellphone, spoke for a while and then said, ""I have sorted it out.  A doctor will arrive here tomorrow.  What is your other need?""

""We have no cell phone reception at all in our town."
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" "To avoid the unmasked fowl coming toward it"
"You know what they call a dancing tree?" Entertainment.
"What do you call two robbers?" "A pair of knickers."
"I went to a sad wedding" "Even the cake was in tiers."
"A mortician comes home from work laughing. His wife is at the sink doing dishes. She asks him, ""What's so funny?""" "He tells her, ""The guy on the slab this afternoon! Woo! You should have seen him! He must have had a cock 14 inches long, and thick as my forearm! I've never seen such... What's wrong honey?""

""Oh my God!"" she sobs. ""Fred's dead!?"""
"My friend was asking for a raise and then just let the chips fall where they may, but was fired immediately" "He works as a dealer in the casino."
"A bunch of people, including" " .... an Austrian, an Azerbaijani, a Bahamian, a Bahraini, a Bangladeshi, a Barbadian, a Barbudans, a Batswanan, a Belarusian, a Belgian, a Belizean, a Beninese, a Bhutanese, a Bolivian, a Bosnian, a Brazilian, a Brit, a Bruneian, a Bulgarian, a Burkinabe, a Burmese, a Burundian, a Cambodian, a Cameroonian, a Canadian, a Cape Verdean, a Central African, a Chadian, a Chilean, a Chinese, a Colombian, a Comoran, a Congolese, a Costa Rican, a Croatian, a Cuban, a Cypriot, a Czech, a Dane, a Djibouti, a Dominican, a Dutchman, an East Timorese, an Ecuadorean, an Egyptian, an Emirian, an Equatorial Guinean, an Englishman, an Eritrean, an Estonian, an Ethiopian, a Fijian, a Filipino, a Finn, a Frenchman, a Gabonese, a Gambian, a Georgian, a German, a Ghanaian, a Greek, a Grenadian, a Guatemalan, a Guinea-Bissauan, a Guinean, a Guyanese, a Haitian, a Herzegovinian, a Honduran, a Hungarian, an I-Kiribati, an Icelander, an Indian, an Indonesian, an Iranian, an Iraqi, an Irishman, an Israeli, an Italian, an Ivorian, a Jamaican, a Japanese, a Jordanian, a Kazakhstani, a Kenyan, a Kittian and Nevisian, a Kosovan, a Kuwaiti, a Kyrgyz, a Laotian, a Latvian, a Lebanese, a Liberian, a Libyan, a Liechtensteiner, a Lithuanian, a Luxembourger, a Macedonian, a Malagasy, a Malawian, a Malaysian, a Maldivan, a Malian, a Maltese, a Marshallese, a Mauritanian, a Mauritian, a Mexican, a Micronesian, a Moldovan, a Monacan, a Mongolian, a Moroccan, a Mosotho, a Motswana, a Mozambican, a Namibian, a Nauruan, a Nepalese, a New Zealander, a Nicaraguan, a Nigerian, a Nigerien, a North Korean, a Northern Irishman, a Norwegian, an Omani, a Pakistani, a Palauan, a Palestinian, a Panamanian, a Papua New Guinean, a Paraguayan, a Peruvian, a Pole, a Portuguese, a Qatari, a Romanian, a Russian.

They all couldn't find the punchline."
"Why did the postal service worker start crying?" "Because he found out you can't run a red light without getting a fine!"
"How do Muslims social distance?" Qur'antine
"Giuseppe met a woman with huge boobs" "A man by the name of Giuseppe met a beautiful woman with enormous breasts, at a bar. Every guy in the room couldn’t get their eyes off that cleavage. 

He offered to pay her a drink, and to his surprise, she accepted.

They ended up hitting if off. Drink after drink, things naturally evolved and Giuseppe found in her lips the raw passion his life has been missing. 

At roughly 2AM, the big breasted woman (which btw had an amazing ass as well) asked Giuseppe if he wanted to go to her house. He just couldn’t believe his luck!

Even though they were drunk, this was the best sex of Giuseppe’s life. 

The next day, he wakes up and immediately notices a photo of a man hanging on a wall. Scared with the possibility of her being married , he wakes up the big breasted vixen and asks:

“Who is that man pictured in that photograph?? Is that your husband??”

“No. That was me before the surgery”

Giuseppe is both happy and relieved. He would never be with a married woman. That is against his values."
"When I was a kid I sweared I would never be an adult always in a bad mood." "That's why I'm never in a bad mood. My mood is always terrible."
"A Macaroni, a Penne and a Spaghetti were drinking wine in a bar one evening. They saw a noodle sitting by himself and discussed inviting him to join them." "They all agreed he looked Cannelloni."
"Why don't rednecks do reverse cowgirl?" "Because they never turn their back on family."
"I could tell you a COVID joke..." "But it would take two weeks for you to get it..."
Conceive "Elderly couple go into a clinic
Doc we are thinking of having a kid

Doc thinks: well that's not going to happen 
Doc goes to his desk pulls out a bottle and hands it to the man
Doc says, go home, put your sperm in this and bring it back 
Guy goes home and comes back
Doc, I don't know what to tell you
I tried the left hand
I tried the right hand
Edith took out her dentures and tried with her mouth 


...


I just couldn't get the bottle open"
"What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver?" "A golfer goes *whack* ""Darn"" And a skydiver goes ""darn"" *whack*"
"Teacher asks Steve, what's the heaviest thing in the world" "He answers ""My dad's penis.""

Teacher blushing asks him to explain himself.

\- ""I overheard my parents as they we're alone in the room. And my mom said to dad that not even God can lift that thing."""
"What do you call head from Mrs. Claus?" "A blo-ho-ho job."
"Teacher decides to illustrate how damaging cigarettes and alcohol are" "by doing a demonstration in class. First he puts a live worm in alcohol and worm, after squirming a lot, dies as expected. Then he places another live worm into a jar, blows some cigarette smoke inside before closing it. As expected, worm dies after a few minutes. With demonstration finished, he asks students: ""Did we learn anything?""

""Yes."", says Steve, ""If you smoke and drink alcohol and smoke, you won't have worms."""
"I woke up to day without a thought of how today is gonna be." "Then I realized that it has been a whole day since I 2 years old"
"What do you call a lumberjack who works for free?" "A fallen-tree worker"
"Everyone gets what they want out of brexit" "The Brits get their blue passports and the average iq of the European Union goes up by 10 points."
"Do you know the only thing worse than not being able to bust a nut?" Nuttin.
"Shiver me timbers." "A pirate walks into a bar with what appears to be a steering wheel firmly lodged into his crotch. After taking his order, the bartender looks down at it and asks him; ""You do realize you have a steering wheel between your legs, right?"" To which the pirate replies; ""Yarr, It's driving me nuts!"""
"What did the Motorcycle say to the swervin’ Jeep?" "Are you 4 Wheel?"
"What is the title for the Head of the Methodist Church?" MethHead
"What do lonely single ladies do on a Friday night?" "Netflix and Jill."
"Why did the plank lose his job?" "He wasn't board certified"
"What is the difference between depression and suicide" "Suicide is a one time thing."
"NSFW A guy walks into a bar" "Guy: Pour me a drink

Bartender: What do you want?

G: I don’t care just anything but Gin

B: Why not Gin?

G: I drank a fifth of gin last night and blew Chunks 

B: Listen man if you drink a fifth of anything your bound to blow chunks

G: Sir you don’t understand, Chunks is my dog"
"Why do nuns wear those hats?" "It's a habit. 

This joke is so lame because I actually came up with it myself. (I think)"
"Isn’t it depressing when they have to park refrigerated trucks outside the medical examiners office?" "Nah, it’s only depressing when they ask to borrow your food saver."
"Why do retail workers call rude and snotty customers “Karen”?" "Because they would loose their job if they called them a “Cunt”."
"Why doesn't Santa have kids?" "Because he only comes once a year and it's down your chimney."
"A businessman takes his pet beagle on a business trip to Africa" "A businessman takes his pet beagle on a business trip to Africa. When the man is away on meetings, the beagle decides to explore the vast African landscape. 

One day the beagle is exploring when he notices a lion sneaking up on him. But the beagle is clever, and doesn't panic. He finds a pile of bones nearby and starts chewing on them. Just when the lion is within earshot, the beagle says ""Mmm mm! That was a tasty lion, I'm gonna go find me another!""

The lion shrinks back, terrified. He retreats and says to himself ""phew, that beagle almost had me!""

Now a monkey saw this whole thing go down and figures out what's going on. So he goes to the lion and tells the lion he can trade information in exchange for protection. They strike a deal and the monkey explains everything to the lion.

""Come with me, monkey,"" says the lion, ""I want you to see what I do to that lying canine!""

Now the beagle saw this interaction take place and starts freaking out, but again he remains calm. He turns away from the approaching lion and monkey, and just when they get within earshot, the beagle exclaims, ""Where's that damn monkey?  I sent him to go get me another lion 20 minutes ago!"""
"Why was Gimli so interested in plotting equations on an x-y coordinate plane?" "He heard it involved axes."
"A 7 year old Johnny says to his dad: ""Dad, I love Dave and I want to marry him!""" "Dad: Son, I'm afraid you can't marry Dave.

Son: but why?

Dad: You're too young, I'll tell you when you're older.

Son, now 12: Dad, I love Dave and I'm sure he's the one I want to spend the rest of my life with

Dad: Oh, Johnny. I'm sorry but you can't marry Dave.

Son: Why, dad, why?

Dad: You can't. I'll tell you when you're older

Son, now 18: Dad, I know Dave is who I want to marry 

Dad: You can't. 

Son: Why, why? And don't tell me I'm not old enough to know! 

Dad: You can't marry him because Dave's family are hardcore Leftie Democrats."
"Olympic Weightlifting joke" "Why would you want to date a weightlifter over a powerlifter?

The weightlifter has a good clean, jerk, and has an incredible snatch!"
"She dimmed the lights. She leaned in. She looked straight into my eyes." "I kissed her. 




And now I am arrested by the police for misbehaving with the optician."
"What do you call a hippies wife?" Mississippi.
"How do clocks sneeze?" Watch-oo!
"I dont have a title for this one just read" "Person 1: Sorry, I'm afraid we do not sell any coke, would you like some pepsi?

Person 2: Sir I thought you were a drug dealer."
"What's a kidnapper's favorite kind of shoes?" "White Vans"
"My friend and I want to start a company that organises really big gangbangs." "We're gonna call it 23 in me."
"How did the Jedi know what you were getting for Christmas?" "He felt your presents."
"What's the difference between Jam and Jelly?" "I can't jelly my cock in your ass."
"Something to offend everyone..." "In Heaven:

The French are the cooks, and the Germans are the engineers. The British are the policemen. The Italians are the lovers, and the Swiss run everything.

But in Hell:

The Germans are the policemen. The British are the cooks. The Swiss are the lovers, the French are the engineers. And the Italians run everything."
"What do you call an uncircumcised white man?" "A cracker with cheese"
"I just got a new cat. I named him Nothing." "Because he's orange and Nothing rhymes with orange."
"What do you call a candle you can't find?" "Madeleine mccandle....."
"A Night at the Club" "My buddy and I went to the strip club. A woman came up and was working me as soon as we sat down.

She said, ""Wow, you have something 6 inches long and 2 inches wide that I really want""

Within a few hours she had all my money and I was ready to leave. Before we left I asked her if my cock really felt 6 inches long and 2 inches wide as she was grinding on me.

No, she said, the cashier saw the $100 bills in your billfold when you paid the cover."
"Prescription drug recall" "The pharmaceutical company AvKare has issued a recall for two of their drugs which were accidentally switched. An antidepressant and a drug to treat erectile dysfunction.

This explains why my grandfather has been so moody yet my grandmother has been so happy!"
"Yesterday I was walking in the forest and I found a skull!" "I called the police on my cell phone and they told me not to pick it up or move it. Well, I already had moved it, but I was scared to tell them that, so I picked it up carefully by one of the antlers and put it back exactly where I found it."
"Why are Santa's reindeer allowed to spend Christmas together?" "Because they have herd immunity."
"Why did the scarecrow get an award?" "Because she was the best in her field."
"I almost suffocated when my wife rode my face last night." "You could say I was twaterboarded."
"I just walk up to the ladies and say Titanic" "It is a great icebreaker"
"I needed to use the internet at mt grandparent's house" "I asked my grandfather if he had broadband.

""No, I prefer boy bands but Spice Girls are Ok I guess"""
"How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Just one, but the lightbulb really has to want to change."
"Im friends with 25 letters of the alphabet..." "I dont know Y"
"(NSFW) A man runs up to his physician in a panic" "And yells:

""Doctor, I just had sex with a mother and her twin daughters last night!""

The doctor asks ""And why are you telling me this?""

The man yells ""I'm telling everybody!!"""
"Beaten and tied down, my kidnappers asked me to call my parents I haven’t spoken to in a while for ransom" "I told them I can’t, cause my hands are tied. They let me go"
"Did you hear about the bands that booked at an amusement park?" " I read that they had a really big line up"
"Why do rock melons have to get married in front of friends and family?" "Because they cantelope."
"If we go on a date we’re getting appetizers" "because that’s what my hors d’serve"
"Two starving men are lying in wait in an alley way..." "A guy wandered through the alley and they ambushed him. They fought and strughles for a few minutes but the victim was overpowered in the end.

One of the men searched all the pockets while the other one held the victim down. All they found was one dollar.

Thug: You put up a fight for one dollar?!

Guy: I thought you're after the $100 on my left shoe..."
"What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft?" "A flat miner."
"A guy is chilling in his town coffee shop when he notices something odd outside..." "...somebody runs up to a random person and asks ""I'm ill can you help me?"" To which the person responds ""No, I'm not a doctor."" The ill figure then speeds over to the nearest stranger and once again asks ""I'm ill can you help me?"" and the stranger responds with ""No, I'm not a doctor."" This is repeated on every person in sight until the guy in the coffee shop is asked the same annoying question and simply answers ""No, I'm not a doctor."" He then asks a worker: ""Who was that and why did he think everyone could help him with whatever he was sick with?"" The worker replies ""Well first of all, he was Bugs Bunny."""
"Have you heard on out the latest padded bra that’s hit the market?" "It’s made of Mammary Foam."
"What kind of snake is good at math?" "A pithon"
"How are toy trains similar to boobs?" "Both are made for kids but dad is the one who gets the most put of them"
"What do you get if you eat 3.14 cakes?" "
Fat. You get fat.



You were expecting a joke about pi? On my cake day?"
"Nobody will upvote a cake joke on my cake day." "I feel desserted


Shoutout to u/sse2k for “letting” me repost this joke."
"Someone showed me a porn movie with 2 dudes and one girl and said that it's called threesome" "I said it's a DVD"
"What did the doctor say to the patient who said his services were too expensive?" """Suture self"""
"A man is drowning in a pool of gold" Swimillionaire
"In order for God to make Eve..." "...he had to take one of Adam’s McRibs"
"what was post malone’s name back when he was vain and temperamental?" "prima lone"
"A man sits alone drunk at a bar. As he’s about to ask for another drink, he throws up on his shirt." "The man looks at the bartender and says, “I don’t know what I’m going to do! If my wife finds out I’m drunk she’s gonna kill me!” Seeing this man is clearly distressed, the bartender hands the man a $10 bill and tells him “Tell her someone else threw up on your shirt and gave you this $10 for dry cleaning.” The man thanks him and makes his way home. As he walks in the door, he tells his wife about the man that threw up on his shirt and how he’d take it to the cleaners the next day. His wife asks “Then why are you holding a $20 bill?”
“He shit my pants too!”"
"*Stimulus Check hits*" "Me: Add Bacon

Worker: Sir this is Best Buy"
"Call me kitty litter" "Cause I get shit on by pussies all the time"
"My Spanish teacher asked me to turn in my essay" "But I ain't no snitch"
"My sisters baby" "So I am not allowed to hold my sisters baby anymore. The one fucking time I held the baby I dropped it, I swear it wasn't a big deal but she started screaming at me and even got the fucking cops involved, and I'm like ""okay but the real question here is WHO THE FUCK brings a baby to the grand canyon"""
"What does an expensive taste paper eater say when they're really hungry?" "I feel like a million bucks."
Bassists? "Never heard of them."
"Yo momma so fresh" "She da Prince of Bel Air"
"What do you call a man with one eye and a giraffe having a conversation?" Friends
"So my friend saved my life" "I told him if I was gay I would give him a blowjob. But since I’m not a hand job will have to do."
"Why did the bartender cross the road?" "Cause he was thirsty and there was a puddle on the other side."
"Did you hear that KFC is serving a Taylor Swift special?" "It consists of two long skinny legs, two small breasts, and a left wing."
"Why do men spend so much on porn?" "Because they are whorable with their money"
"Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you." "That's the punch line."
"A tree fell on my brother today, completely crushing his left side." "He’s all right."
"A student sits in class, eagerly listening to the lecture." "Next to him, a classmate who is twiddling his thumbs and spinning a pencil.

The teacher finishes the lesson and asks the students to copy the board. 

Soon enough, the teacher walks over to the eager student and asks what he’s doing, as he isn’t writing.

Twiddling his thumbs and spinning his pencil, he calmly says, “Copying the board.”"
"Dark humor" "The f in orphan stands for family"
"Uk motorways and roads in general are horrible" "On a uk motorway it’s supposed to be relaxing and even has a max speed of 100 but the most you’ll ever do is FUCKIN 2!!"
"What happens if you mix incest and scat porn?" "“What are you doing step-stool”?"
"What do you call a lemon grenade?" Lemonade!
"What were the Chernobyl scientists paid in?" Exposure
"Retiring Dr." "A doctor who delivered thousands of babies over is career is finally retiring. He had an odd habit but whenever he circumcised a baby boy he would throw the foreskin in a large gallon jar of formaldehyde.  As he is cleaning out his office there sits this large Jar and he begins to think ""What can I do with this, I don't want to throw it away.  What can I do?""  As he ponders what do do the thought hits him.  He loads the jar into the back seat of his sedan and drives to see a leather worker.

He sits the jar on a table and begins to ask the leather worker if he can make something out of the foreskin in this jar.  After saying excuse me and getting over the initial shock the leather worker tells him to come back in a week and he'll have something made.

After waiting a week the old Dr. drives up and goes inside and inquires about the special item.  The leather worker comes out and reaches him a wallet.  The old Dr. is furious when he sees just a wallet was made out of such a large amount of foreskin.  The leather worker calmly looks at the Dr. and says ""Relax, all you have to do is is rub it back and forth and it will turn into a suitcase!"""
"I'm getting old, but I can still remember my first New Year's resolution" 640x480
"Cheating wife" "Two friends are chatting at the lunch break.
- Hey man, so I have found that my wife was cheating on me.
— No kidding, how have you found that?
- Well, I should have gone to a business trip, but it was canceled, so I returned home, hid in the wardrobe and waited.
— And what happened?
- Well, after no more than, 1 hour, doorbell rings, a culturists comes in, you haven't seen that, huge, 2 meters high, nothing but muscles, young and fresh, now my wife started undressing, she removed the bra, now the boobs whoooop, fell down, then... her bum with the cllulite....
— And what did you do man?
- I felt so ashamed for her, so ashamed..."
"Two antennae get married on a roof" "The ceremony wasn’t much, but the reception was *amazing*!"
"Mr. Bear and Mr. Rabbit didn't like each other very much" "One day, while walking through the woods, they came across a golden frog.

They were amazed when the frog talked to them. The golden frog admitted that he didn't often meet anyone, but, when he did, he always gave them six wishes. He told them that they could have 3 wishes each.

Mr. Bear immediately wished that all the other bears in the forest were females. The frog granted his wish. Mr. Rabbit, after thinking for a while, wished for a crash helmet. One appeared immediately, and he placed it on his head. Mr. Bear was amazed at Mr. Rabbit's wish, but carried on with his second wish. He wished that all the bears in the neighboring forests were females as well, and the frog granted his wish.

Mr. Rabbit then wished for a motorcycle. It appeared before him, and he climbed on board and started revving the engine. Mr. Bear could not believe it and Complained that Mr. Rabbit had wasted two wishes that he could have had for himself. Shaking his head, Mr. Bear made his final wish, that all the other bears in the world were females as well, leaving him as the only male bear in the world.

The frog replied that it had been done, and they both turned to Mr. Rabbit for his last wish. Mr. Rabbit revved the engine, thought for a second, then said, ""I wish that Mr. Bear was gay!"" and rode off as fast as he could!"
"A grasshopper walks into a bar" "The bartender says, ""Hey, I got a drink named after you!""

The grasshopper says, ""Really? You have a drink named Steve?"""
"Blonde Woman Wants To Look Young Again" "A blonde woman heard that milk baths would make her beautiful. She left a note for her milkman to leave 25 gallons of milk.

The milkman read the note, and thought there must be a mistake. He asked the women if she meant 2.5 gallons.

The blonde woman said, ""No, I want 25 gallons. I'm going to fill my bathtub up with milk and take a milk bath so I can look young and beautiful again.""

The milkman asked, ""Do you want the milk to be  pasteurized?""

The blonde said, ""No, just up to my boobs. I can splash it on my eyes."""
"A Talking Dog" "A man walks into a bar claiming he has a talking dog.

He goes up to the counter and makes a bet with the bartender for free drinks all night if he can prove his dog can talk.


The man asks the dog, “What goes on top of a house?”


“Roof!” says the dog.


The bartender is thoroughly unimpressed and says he'll need to do better than that.


The man then asks the dog, “What’s the covering of a tree called?”


“Bark!” the dog exclaims.


The bartender is getting pretty annoyed at this point but the man pleads for one more chance.


“Who’s the best baseball player ever?” asks the man.


“Ruth!” yells the dog.


The bartender has had enough and the two are promptly kicked out of the bar.

-

Walking back home the dog looks at the man and says, “I probably should’ve said DiMaggio.”"
"A man is telling a buddy of his about how he got 2 free hours from his hooker today" "He killed her and got a refund, then the next hour was free."
"Mickey and Donald got into a fight" "The whole incident was Goofy"
"Doctor, ""Well, I have good news and I have bad news...""" "Lou Gehrig, ""Whats the good news?"""
"What are the two sexiest farm animals?" "Brown Chicken, Brown Cow."
"Height bullying is no joke." "Seriously guys, we need to stop looking down on short people."
"The Unconditional Love Test" "In order to find out whose love is truly unconditional.... lock both your wife &amp; dog in the trunk of your car for approximately 15-30 minutes. When you open the trunk, who is excited to see you? That’s your answer. 



*DO NOT try this at home. This is a joke and I cannot be held responsible for any idiotic attempts at the aforementioned “Unconditional Love Test.”"
".357 Magnum" "My friend is a cop and carries a .357 magnum. One night he comes home and gets  undressed for bed where his wife lie waiting for him.

They start making love and just when he’s ready to explode he grabs his .357 puts it under the pillow next to her and pulls the trigger. Well sir she tightened right up and he had the best orgasm of his life. 

He tells his buddy this and says you’ve gotta give it a try.  His buddy says it sounds great, I think I will. 

A few days later the cop asks his buddy if he had a chance to try it yet. 

His buddy says yeah well I went  home and  took my  .357 out and slipped it under the pillow without her seeing it like you said and we started making love.  

Just when I was ready to cum I reached under the pillow and pulled the trigger. 

And...how was it?

It wasn’t anything like you said it would be. 

Why what happened. 

Well she bit my cock and shit in my face."
"A shooting club was holding a competition. The winner was to get a somewhat ugly trophy, the second-placed shooter - a crate of champagne." "By the end of the final round, two shooters were tied for first place, so they were told to do a tiebreaker round - 5 shots at maximum distance. To keep things more dramatic, they had to shoot at the same time.

After both had stopped firing and were awaiting the results, one shooter turned to his rival and said with a little smile: ""I'm sorry, pal. I put all five shots in the wall.""
""I'm sorry, too,"" replied the other, ""because I put all of mine into your target."""
"Why does Cap’n Crunch only come in a box?" "Because he is heterosexual"
"A police officer walks out of the bathroom stall only to be confronted by his boss..." "The timing was poor, but the officer was happy to be relieved of doody."
"A young man asks a young woman to the homecoming dance" "She says yes, and the big day arrives. The man goes to the tuxedo rental place, but when he gets there he finds a massive line. There's only one employee working, several guys have complaints. The guy spends more than an hour in line before getting his tux.

Next he goes to the car rental place, but he's shocked to see the length of the line. He'd forgotten there was a music festival happening the same weekend, of course there'd be a lot of rentals. What's more, their system was down, and they were having to confirm reservations manually. After an *unreal* amount of time, he gets the keys to his swanky sports car and pulls out the lot.

The man manages to get dressed and pick up his date just barely on schedule. They take photos and head to the venue. When they arrive he gives his key to the valet, so they can walk the red carpet. But he simply cannot believe the line he's looking at. He sees a popular rapper near the entrance. They were being swarmed by fans so no one could move forward. Eventually, after what feels like a minor eternity, the man and his date finally entered the dance. 

As they walked in, the dj played his next track. The man's date squeals, yelling that she loved this song and dragging the man towards the dance floor. He's a bit nervous at first but finds his footing quickly. The two are having a great time. 

After a few songs, they step to the side, panting softly. HIs date tells him that she's parched, and he promises to bring her something. He heads towards the refreshments table, looking for some punch. And i know what you may expect, but he was shocked to find there was no punch line. 

Kinda like this joke."
"What is Ahmed Gabrs favorite band?" Scoobastank
"An older gentlemen was sitting on a park bench.." "When a very attractive young blond girl comes walking by.

She was wearing a pink top, a white tennis skirt, white tennis shoes, and yellow socks..except she was wearing just one.

Curious, the gentlemen asks the young lady, ""Excuse me miss, but why are you wearing just one sock?""

""I couldn't find the other one."""
"When are Egyptian fishermen less likely to believe what their are told?" "When they're in the Nile."
"What do gamers call an abortion?" "A spawn kill."
"My wife and I had a huge argument today. By the time we were finished, she was on her knees begging..." "for me to come out from under the bed and act like an adult."
Manslaughter "*Prisoner 1:* So what are you in for?

*Prisoner 2:* It was a misunderstanding

*Prisoner 1:* what crime were you
misunderstood about?

*Prisoner 2:* *Manslaughter*

*Prisoner 1:* So you didn't slaughter anyone?

*Prisoner 2:* No I was just having a laugh and they charged me for Mans-laughter"
"The two best days for a boat owner" "The day they buy the boat and the day they sell the boat"
"Some old friends were gathered at a table outside the local pub" "They were all drinking and laughing, but when a funeral procession came passing by, one of them got up on his feet and stood in solemn sentry until the procession had passed.  

“I never knew you had so much respect for the dead?” one of his friends commented as he sat back down.  

“Usually I don’t, but after all, we were married for 30 years.”"
"The meaning of FUCK" "Fully understanding common knowledge"
"My friend: ""What is a good exercise for my trapezius muscles?""" "Me, unsure:  *shrugs*"
"A large sink hole just opened up on my street." "City officials are looking into it."
"What’s the best thing about going to a veterinarian that doubles as a taxidermist?" "Either way, you get your dog back"
"Someone called me on the phone and asked me if I wanted satellite radio." "I said, “ are you Serius “?"
"I just gave the government a stimulus" "I will do it again and again with every paycheck"
"What kind of cancer did the Pizza get?" Breadstickular
"Why can't Stevie Wonder see his mates?" "Because he's married."
"A coach known for disagreeing with the referee’s decisions approached the referee after a match and said:" "“That was a great match!”  
“Oh, really?” the referee replied with a smile, clearly flattered.  
“Yes! I wish you had seen it!”"
"What do you call a smart person in the USA?" "A tourist."
"video game chats are like this sometimes" "Player 1: Hello how is your day today?

Player 1: wassdwwwawada

Player 2: good,  you?

Player 2: wwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaa wdaww aw"
"John Cena's full name is ""John Felix Anthony Cena Jr.""" "Didn't see that one coming."
"What's the fastest rapper in the world called?" velociRAPtor
"During a rape case in London, a homeless man was called as a witness" "“Did you see what happened?” the prosecutor asked.  

“Yes sir, he fucked her!” the bum explained, pointing at the defendant.  

The judge quickly intervened:  

“I would kindly ask that you refrain from such foul language in an English court room! Please try to express yourself in more... poetic terms!”  

The bum sat in silence for a moment or two, his gears clearly grinding, before he spoke:  

“The moon was shining, the night was clear,  
his pants were down, his bottom bare,  
he put his you-know-what in her you-know-where,  
and if that wasn’t fucking, then I wasn’t there!”"
"what if all the women disappeared?" "it would be a pain in the ass"
"What do you call an Italian guy’s dick and testicles?" "His spaghetti and meatballs."
"Scientists managed to produce antibodies to corona" "Very unfortunate that it was already too late when they found these antibodies to be Bolsheviks."
"Ronald McDonald drowned as his yacht sunk" "The tragedy of the Frytanic"
"Jello (nsfw)" "What's the difference between Jello and a Dead Hooker?

Jello wiggles when you eat it out"
"She said I had the heart of a lion" "She also said I was banned from the zoo for life."
"I once saw a guy burn to death after nutting" "He cumbusted"
"What's the chemical structure of Holy Water?" H2OMG
"What role does Queen Latiff play in The Equalizer?" "A vigil-aunty."
"I got my test results back. Turns out I was dangerously low on magnesium and potassium." "0MG 0K."
"The Happy Husband." "An unhappy couple met with a car accident. The both of them lost consciousness and were hospitalized immediately.

A few days later, the husband became conscious and asked the nearby doctor, ""What happened to my wife?""

The doctor replied, ""I'm sorry sir. I'm afraid I have some bad news.""

The husband said, ""What! She Lived?!"""
"Where do Arabic people get there emotions?" "The amygdullah"
"Advice for homeless people" "But a house"
"""Veronica, do you know what I think the DNA acronym stands for...?""" """What? uh.. Deoxyribonucleic acid?""

""No, I think it's National Dyslexic Association"""
"What would a French arsonist say to another?" Bonfire
"""Jerry, do you know what DNA reminds me of...?""" """What? Deoxyribonucleic acid?""

""No, it's National Dyslexic Association"""
"What do the US Government and Zoo have in common?" "They both have

&amp;#x200B;

# R (h) I N O S"
"(NSFW) A woman meets a foreigner and goes to his hotel room." "Her: did you just cum into my eye from across the room?
Foreigner: I'm sorry I'm not aware about the customs here. You see,
I come from afar."
"People are weird" "When I donate a kidney to a hospital doctors call me hero but when I donate 10 kidneys the call me psychopath and call the cops"
"Pravda news from April 27th 1986" "Glorious Soviet technology allowed workers at Chernobyl power plant to complete five year plan of power production in mere five milliseconds."
"I looked into his eyes and said: I want the unborn child to face me when I slice it open and devour it." "Everyone's spoons stopped mid-air. The waiter took a step back. No one had ever ordered a sunny side up like that before."
"What did the mathematician say when he dropped his work papers into his lunch snack?" "The proof is in the pudding."
"What do you call an Arabic emotion?" "An amygdullah"
"What is an undertaker's favorite element?" Barium.
"Why might Kim Kardashian be a terrorist?" "She gotta weapon of ASS destruction!!!!"
"Don't Worry. The Tides Will Take Care of It." "Upon learning that the captain of the freighter that blocked the Suez Canal was ambivalent about the mess he created, the ship has been re-christened as the *No Fucks Ever Given.*"
So.... "Is necrophilia considered cracking open a cold one?"
"Everybody should have a friend who's a chemist." "They have all the solutions."
"What do you call a fly without wings in a park?" "A walk in a park."
"What's something a dentist can say but a gynecologist cannot?" "I'm a dentist."
"My family didn't like the restaurant on the moon" "It had no atmosphere"
"Here's how you become a great producer:" Photosynthesize.
"My friend: Buddy, you ran out of fuel" "Me: 0mg"
"A cardboard belt..." "would be a waist of paper."
"The machine at the coin factory was broken." "It doesn't make any cents"
"If Russia attacked Albania from the rear" "Would Greece help?"
"Doc, how’s my eye exam?" 
"What’s the best part about fucking twenty eight year olds?" "There’s twenty of them..."
"I can tell if my wife's horny," "I bet."
"Why are Hispanic people so busy?" "Because everything is on their *todo* list."
"What is the Roman poet Horace's advice for picking up chicks on the internet?" "Carpe DM."
"Why does Japanease people hate to be late?" "Because if they are late, someone will say ""it Tokyo forever to come here"""
"How do you receive a postman’s semen sample?" "It comes in the mail"
"What do you call a French pimp?" "A pimpLe"
"My girlfriend wakes me up by sitting on my face." "I wake up at the crack of Dawn."
"My crush kept telling me my rape joke is in bad taste." "So I took my dick out of her mouth."
"Which of the Greek gods always complained of feeling distant?" Demeter
"And Jesus says to his followers, ¨I will turn this water into wine.¨" "And the guy says, ¨Sir, this is a rehab center.¨"
"What do you call a slow bullet?" "A Slug."
"What’s the most popular drug with ducks?" "Quack cocaine"
"What did the pirate say to the prostitute?" "Arrrghh, give me yer booty!"
"Big difference" "There's a big difference between a guy and a girl saying ""I went through a whole box of tissues watching that movie.""

...

Joke is not mine."
"My chiropractor said he's not my friend..." "but he's always got my back."
"rabbits eat" "hop corn"
"Raising two boys is clearly better than raising two girls ..." "... as then you only have two dicks to worry about and not 3 billion"
"What do you call a gorgeous dwarf who's in the modeling industrie?" "A floor model."
"An American is in a Europrean grocery store" "He asks a worker ""where's the chip isle?""

""It's isle five, jus' down that way.""

""Thank you."" He goes to isle five and to his surprise finds nothing but french fries."
"I decided to try writing some erotica. At first it was really easy." "And then it got hard."
"What’s the best part about fucking 28 year olds?" "There’s 20 of em..."
"Where does a anime girl live???" Ohio
"I would love to visit New York or Manhattan .." "Watch over the river, embrace the skylines. 

Not on a Jewish public holiday ofcourse."
"Do you know what they call someone who molests children using an online dictionary?" "A Wikipaedophile"
"New digital LOTR trading card JPEGs for sale!!!" "Non Fungible Tolkien’s"
"I haven't had sex since this pandemic started" "I wish I could say the same for my wife."
"My twin brother and I used to finish each other's sentences ..." "but now he's in jail."
"When life hands you lemons..." "Squirt ‘em on your dick before sex to indicate any lesions."
"Science spends millions on researching antidepressants, yet I've discovered the lower cost secret serum ..." "drinking a whole bottle of 'no more tears' shampoo."
"Why was last year so important that we will always look back at it?" "Because hindsight is 2020"
"If you don't know how to administer first aid for deadly bleeding, don't worry!" "All bleeding stops eventually"
"What did Julius Caesar say when he went to the strip club?" "Veni, vidi, veni."
"What dis Julius Caesar say when he went to the strip club?" "Veni, Vidi, Veni."
"There are two trees in the forest, a beech and a birch and one day, they notice a small tree has sprouted up in between them. The birch says, ""Man, that really looks like a son of a beech!"" The beech retorts, ""No way! That's gotta be a son of a birch!""" "So, they start arguing back and forth. ""Son of a beech!"" ""Son of a birch!""

Eventually, a woodpecker flies by and hears the two trees fighting and he asks the two trees what's wrong and what are they are fighting about.

The trees explain to the woodpecker that they can't tell if the small tree that sprouted between them is a son of a beech or if it's a son of a birch.

The woodpecker decides he will settle their argument, once and for all, tells the tree he will be right back, then flies down to the small tree to check it out. 

Meanwhile, the beech and birch continue to argue.

After a while, the wood pecker returns to the two tree and says, ""Guys, I've got some news for you. It's not a son of a beech.""

The beech tree sighs in relief.

The woodpecker continues, ""And it's not a son of birch, either!"" 

To which the birch replied, ""Thank goodness! What is it, then?""

The woodpecker blushes and answers, ""Well, it's the finest piece of ash that I've ever stuck my pecker into."""
"I don't have emotional baggage." "I carry a griefcase."
"What do you call a cheap circumcision?" "A rip-off"
"A young soprano noticed that her period was late" "Not ready yet to become a mother, she decided to practice positive thinking and hope for the best.

“Toi, toi, toi” she optimistically repeated to herself.

Hours later, she broke an egg."
"Moses, Jesus and an old man are playing golf together." "Moses swings and the ball rolls towards a river. The river splits and the ball goes through. Jesus shrugs, and hits the ball straight onto the river. It rolls straight over. The old man smiles and hits the ball into the river. A fish swallows the ball, an eagle swoops down,  grabs the fish and flies off. Suddenly, a bolt of lightning strikes the eagle, it drops the fish, the ball falls into the hole. Moses turns to  Jesus ""I hate playing with your dad."""
"What do a sex addict and a racist have in common? (nsfw)" "They both like it hard r"
"Did you hear the story about the sucking monster?" "It basically sucks"
"There’s a parallel universe where people age non-linearly, and every day you have no idea how old you’ll wake up." "So sometimes you’d have to call into work like, “Sorry, can’t make it in today, I’m 7.”"
"Doctor Phil's biological brother? [OC]" **Chlorophyll**
"What do you guys think of Black Mirror?" "To me it feels a bit too 

**dark and reflective**"
"My genitalia is so rude" "Its always taking the piss out of me"
"A Soviet era joke" "Back after the war, the Russians were our friends. Now we call them our brothers, why?

Well, you can't choose family..."
"A man goes for his eye-check up appointment." "As he walks in, he says to the first person he finds, “I’m here for my opticians appointment.”

The person says to him, “you need glasses my friend.”

The man says, “but I didn’t even tell you the problem yet?”

The person says, “you didn’t have to - you see this is the local strip club.”"
"What fish is doesn't meed a jacket?" "A pufferfish."
"Doctor: sorry sir but your body has run out of magnesium" "Me: 0mg"
"Math Teacher: Your homework looks like chicken scratch, but you have all the correct answers" "Later at Home: I think she’s on to us, mathmachicken"
"Jesus is walking through the desert when he comes across and old man crying to himself." """Why do you cry for Old Man?"" Jesus asked.

""I've been searching for my son forever and I'm about to give up hope.""

""Well I've been wandering the desert in search of my father for many years, perhaps I've seen your son in my travels. Can you describe him?"" Jesus explained.

""He's got nail marks in his hands and feet..."" 

With that Jesus threw open his arms and embraced the old man. ""Father!"" he exclaimed.

""Pinocchio!"" the old man cried."
"Hand sanitizer manufacturers" "must be rubbing their hands together"
"Hand sanitizer manufacturers" "must be running their hands together"
"Hands sanitizer manufacturers" "must be rubbing their hands together"
"Whats the difference between a Computer and an American ?" "An American does not have troubleshooting."
"What is Israel’s most popular sport ?" Jew-jitsu
"A cute girl was towing two tow trucks" "She had a great pickup line"
"I just bought shoes from a drug dealer..." "I don't know what he laced them with, but I was trippin all day"
"What did the light switch say to his girlfriend?" "You know how to turn me on."
"Putin,Obama and Merkel (German chancellor) meet" "Putin says:We have the best submarines they can be under water for over 5 months.

Obama replies:pff our submarines can stay for over a year under water.

In the moment Merkel wants to reply a submarine appears and a guy opens the door and says: hail Hitler we need more diesel."
"Scouts are generally an easy-going bunch" "But they can be in tents"
"Do you know the coolest thing about having sex with twenty eight years old girls?" "That there are 20 girls. 
(P.S. that’s joke of my friend)"
"Do you know the coolest thing about having sex with twenty eight years old girls?" "That they are 20 girls. 
(P.S. that’s joke of mine friend)"
"There was a restaurant that was famous for its speaking pasta, that also knew different languages." "The pasta they made also knew when it's about to get eaten, and therefore always said some last words.

There was a guy who felt like spanish-speaking pasta, which he then got.

The reason for the restaurants fame turned out to be true, when the first bit of pasta he ate said its last words.

He also quickly figured out that the pasta he just ate enjoyed making jokes, because of its choice of last words.

He didn't quite well hear what the last words were though, so he asked someone nearby what the pasta said.

It turned out that the pasta chose its last words to be ""pasta la vista""."
"What do non-binary Japanese samurais do to those who purposefully misgender them?" They/them
"If Lake Superior is a wolf, and Lake Michigan is a squash, what is Lake Erie?" Flammable
"I don't like over confident people" "Edit: Thanks for the silver!

Edit2: thanks for the gold!

Edit3: thanks for the platinum!

Edit4: thanks guys! I never expected this post to blow up like it did!!"
"A vacuum cleaner and a prostitute pretty much do the same thing." "The only differences are you can buy a vacuum cleaner anytime without getting arrested and it will suck and blow any time you want it to."
"Did you hear about the guy who gained confidence after fucking his clone?" "He really came into himself"
"A doctor was performing surgery on a patient with one hand" "The nurse said that if he used both it would be easier"
"How does a non-binary assassin kill people?" They/them
"My friends and I had a competition to see what the most difficult to put on accessory was." "The end result was a tie."
"My yearly cake day joke" "A grasshopper walks into a bar and sits down. The bartender comes over to him and says:

“Hey, you know something? We’ve got a drink named after you!”

The grasshopper looks up at the bartender and says:

“You’ve got a drink named Steve?!?”"
"A Boob, a Vagina and an Asshole are debating" "Boob: I give milk to new born babies and I'm attractive to the

opposite sex, that's why I am the greatest.

Vagina: That's nothing.

I give birth to babies, and can accommodate the opposite sex.

That's why I'm the greatest.

.

.

.

.

.
r&gt;.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Why are you scrolling down? It's your turn to speak."
"Why is selling sex illegal?" "Because prostitution goes against the constitution."
"Why was the overweight kid proud of his family's criminal history?" "He kept being told stories of how his grandfather and father were both big men and everyone knew they were well hung."
"Thumb wars are weird" "They're essentially two opposable thumbs opposing each other"
"What pair of shoes do kidnappers love the most?" "White Vans"
"A man walks into his ex a few years after their break up." "Ex: Do you still miss me?

Man: With every bullet."
"Two clown cars crash in the middle of nowhere." "Over 50 died."
"What did the guy say when he got caught masturbating to an optical illusion?" "“It’s not what it looks like!”"
"How is life like toilet paper?" "You’re either on a roll or taking shit from someone."
"A jewish rope salesman from New York is trying to expand his business." "In a rural area in Oregon he chats up a local and asks if he is interested in some rope. The guy replies: ""Yeah I'll buy rope from you, from the top of your jew hat to the tip of your dick."" 

The salesman thanks and leaves. 

Two weeks later truck loads after truck loads of rope arrive at the guy's house. One of the delivery men goes to the irritated local and hands him a document. 

On it it says: ""Looking forward to making business with you again. Signed: Elias Goldstein, resident in New York City, circumcised in Warsaw."""
"Why did the ketchup blush?" "He saw the salad dressing."
"A guy goes to the doctor and after a checkup the doctor discovers that he has three testicles." "The patient asks whether that is a problem, but the doctor assures him that it's not and that he'd wish he had three testicles. 

Kind of proud the patient leaves the doctor's office and sits on a park bench next to a stranger.

He says to him: ""Together we have five testicles."", to which the other replies: ""Why? Do you have none?"""
"Only the Swedes will get this." B-Giertz
"What do you call an ass which is tattered" "Tattered ass."
"Knock Knock Knockin' on Heaven's Door" "Knock Knock

Who's there? 

I been shot

I been shot, who?

B#tch, you think this is a joke??"
"What's the similarity between orgasm and pulse?" "It doesn't matter if she had it"
"What do you call a cat on a sex offenders list?" "A purrvert"
"Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear" "Fuzzy Wuzz had no hair. 

If Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear without hair, Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn’t very fuzzy was he?"
"My ex still misses me" "But her aim is getting better"
"What do you call a disabled kid with a gun?" "Special Forces"
"A cop goes into the Apple store every day with a broken screen on his phone." "The Apple tech is puzzled. ""We give you a new phone every day, how do you manage to kill them so fast?""

""I dunno. All I do is, when the battery dies I kneel on it for 9 minutes. Doesn't seem like that would kill anything."""
"I'll love you for every step you'll take" "I have both legs aputated, idiot."
"Regarding myself: I must confess to my one and only draw-back, and it's a fairly massive one..." "It's my foreskin."
"An elderly inventor was becoming depressed with his life: his hearing was failing, his wife was always nagging him, he hadn't invented anything good in years, and his former good looks had been replaced by wrinkles and sagging skin." "He goes to the doctor to discuss his depression. When he arrives back home he has a huge smile on his face. He rushed past his wife and heads into the basement, where he immediately starts tinkering with a brand new invention.  

His wife comes downstairs, gives the invention a once-over, then asks ""What on earth is this thing, and how this supposed to help your depression?"". 

""Honey, the doctor told me working on this should have me feeling better in no time!"" replies the man.  He then proceeds to describe in detail how the machine cracks eggs, steams them, and flips them out onto a plate in under a minute, all at the touch of a button. 

""But what on earth does this have to do with your depression?  What did that quack doctor tell you to do?"" asks the wife

The man replies: ""He told me to work on my self egg-steam"". 




*I'm sorry*"
"Spank me daddy........." "Bully : hahahha you gay
Me :. Yaa I am gay cause I fucked your dad...........now he calls me ""daddy"""
"A blonde and brunette walk into an elevator" "They exchange pleasantries and the door closes, the next floor a man gets in with terrible dandruff. 
Both women look at each other but don’t say anything.
When the man gets off and the door shuts they share a laugh. 
The brunette says “wow he could definitely use some head and shoulders!”
The blonde gives her a look and replies “How do you give shoulders?”"
"Allison was bragging to her boss one day, ""You know, I know everyone there is to know. Just name someone, anyone, and I know them.""" "
Tired of her, boasting, her boss called her bluff, ""OK, Allison, how about Reese Witherspoon?""

""No dramas boss, Reese and I are old friends, and I can prove it."" So Allison and her boss fly out to Hollywood and knock on Reese Witherspoon's door, and Reese Witherspoo shouts,

""Allison! What's happening? Great to see you! Come on in for a beer!""

Although impressed, Allison's boss is still skeptical. After they leave Witherspoon's house, she tells Allison that she thinks her knowing Witherspoon was just lucky.

""No, no, just name anyone else,"" Allison says.

""Melania Trump,"" her boss quickly retorts.

""Yup,"" Allison says, ""Old friends, let's fly out to Washington,"" and off they go.

At the White House, Melania spots Allison on the tour and motions her and her boss over, saying, ""Allison, what a surprise, I was just on my way to a meeting, but you and your friend come on in and let's have a beer first and catch up.""

Well, the boss is very shaken by now but still not totally convinced. After they leave the White House grounds she expresses her doubts to Allison, who again implores her to name anyone else.

""Queen Elizabeth,"" her boss replies.

""Sure!"" says Allison. ""I've known Her Majesty for years."" So off they fly to London.

Allison and her boss are assembled with the masses at Buckingham Palace when Allison says, ""This will never work. I can't catch the Queen's eye among all these people. Tell you what, I know all the guards so let me just go upstairs and I'll come out on the balcony with the Queen."" He disappears into the crowd headed towards the Royal Palace.

Sure enough, half an hour later Allison emerges with the Queen on the balcony, but by the time Allison returns, she finds that her boss has had a heart attack and is surrounded by paramedics.

Making her way to her boss' side, Allison asks her, ""What happened?""

Her boss looks up and says, ""It was the final straw... you and the Queen came out on to the balcony and the man next to me said, 'Who the fuck is that on the balcony with Allison?'"
"What's the difference between Polish and polish ?" "Nothing they're both used as cleaners."
"Jokes are like Indians" "They never die, they just get reincarnated."
"There's this couple that has a contest where they use a stopwatch to see who orgasms first." "This is an idea whose come has been timed."
"The band Earth, Wind and Fire has a new collaborative album out with Britney Spears." "It's called Earth, Airhead, Wind and Fire."
"Beastiallity is legal in the US capital" "because that's where all the pigs get together and fuck us."
"What do you call a royal smoker" "Your Highness."
"The worst part of waking up with a boner..." "is after your step bro pulls it out, you're still stuck in the washing machine."
"That's all you do? Bird imitations?" "This guy owns a circus, see?  And one day he's in there, uh, checkin' out the big top, and this scrawny little guy walks in-- walks in the door.

He walks over to the boss, and he says:

""Are you the boss here?""

Guy says,

""Yeah. What do you want?""

He says, ""I'd like to join the circus. I got an act.""

The guy says, ""Oh, yeah? Well, let me see what it is.""

So this little guy goes over to the center pole, and he starts climbing up the pole.

And he goes all the way up.  He climbs up and up and up.  He goes all the way up to the

very peak of the big top.  And he looks down, and he takes a deep breath, and he leaps off, and he starts flapping his arms.

And he starts flying! And he flies all around the big top!

He goes all the way around the place.

He goes around the center pole. **Pshew**!

He goes loop-de-loop through the trapezes.

**Whooo! Whooo! Whooo!** 

Then he gets all the way up, and he takes a nosedive right down to the ground.

**Ahhhh!**

Flapping his arms like mad. And he lands right next to the boss.

And he says:

""Well, what do ya think?""

The boss says:

""That's all you do?  Bird imitations?"""
"The raven was indecisive...." "He said, ""Probably not. But don't quote me on that.""


*Sorry, that's was a Poe joke.*"
"Scarlett Johansson and some guy were the only survivors of a shipwreck." "They didn't know each other before the shipwreck, but he did know who she was...

At the beginning it was hard, but as time passed, this guy learnt how to provide food and shelter, he started taking care of her, and eventually she started caring about him... after all, there wasn't anybody else in the island...

He eventually built a cabin, had a functioning automatic potable water supply, and all sorts of little clever commodities, all done to make her life easier... it was the most effort any man had ever done for her, and all the hard work made him fit, she noticed this...

One night after some wildlife attacked and he defended her successfully, getting a few cuts in the process, she threw herself at him and they made love, after that, they where for all intents and purposes a couple with an above regular sex life.

But for some reason he started drifting away, something was bothering him. And she noticed... ""What's wrong?"" Scarlett Johansson asked, ""Nothing..."" the guy would say...

She pestered him for a while eventually saying she would do ANYTHING he needed or wanted to make him feel good again, just because she really cared for him a lot, and even if he wasn't asking, she felt it was the least she owed it to him...

""Really?, you'll do anything I'd like?""

""yes"" she said ""anything!""

""ok, first i want you to take off you toga and get into this pair of work jeans that somehow washed on the shore""

""ok...""

""now put this shirt on please, but first, ""tape"" your boobs so they are flat""

""wha... ok, I'd say I'd do anything"" she said lovingly.

""ok, now, take this hat and wear it, but tuck your hair under it""

She was kinda confused, but non the less, she wanted to make him happy, so she tucked her hair under the hat.

""Now id like for you to grab this piece of soot and paint yourself a beard and a mustache""

""ok... if this is what you want..."" she muttered.

""now, please, put on these sunglasses, and start walking down the beach I'll catch up to you in a bit"", he said a bit excited...

She started walking... wondering... doubting herself... just confused about what had just happened, maybe it wasn't her, maybe it was h... suddenly the guy grabs her by her shoulder turns her around and says: ""DUDE!!! you won't believe who I've been fucking for the past 6 months!"""
"What has 3 teeth and 6 boobs?" "Night shift at Waffle House."
"I’ve been put on the waiting list for a new kidney." "It’s a very exclusive butchers."
"A newly married Alan goes to the meet Father George" "He greets the priest and says, 'Father, I need to talk to you.'

The Priest asks, 'Is it a confession, my son?'

Alan replies, 'No, Father! I need to clarify something.'

The Priest takes Alan to his private chamber and says, 'Tell me, Alan.  What is it?'

Alan asks, 'Father, why do the kindest of girls begin their quest to change men after marriage?'

The Priest smiles and replied,
'Alan, my son; as the bride walks down the long aisle, her brain registers 3 stimulii. The altar, the choir and the sound of the hymn being sung. Aisle, Altar, and Hymn. She becomes mesmerized. Aisle, Altar, Hymn. Aisle, Altar, hymn. Aisle, Altar, Hymn. And finally, as she stops beside the groom, she is already saying to herself

I'LL ALTER HIM"
"TIL that singing will scare bears." "You just have to be a bearatone."
"I grew up believing my grandfather had been a Japanese prisoner of war." "Turned out he just liked hiding things up his arse."
"I always wanted to be an amputee but it’s way to expensive." "I hear it cost an arm or a leg"
"My first NSFW joke that I proudly wrote when I was 9 years old: What's the difference between tennis and badminton?" "A: One you play with your balls, one you play with your cock."
"What’s the difference between a Lentil and a Chickpea?" "I wouldn’t pay to have a lentil on my face."
"What is first prize in a competition to lose muscle mass?" "a trophy."
"What do we call French family members having sex with each other?" In-c'est
"I was getting a ...." "I was getting a handjob from my new girlfriend when I asked, ""How are you so good at this?""

""Years of practice"", she said.

""Bit of a player in your day were you?"" I laughed.

""No,"" she replied ""my dad had no arms."""
"This pandemic will most likely be remembered as the..." Pack-age.
"Hey girl, were you raised on a chicken farm ?" "Because you sure know how to raise a cock."
"A laxative company has found to be massively understanding the strength of each pill" "They would like to apologise for any incontinence caused."
"A cryptographer walks into a bar" "01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110010 01100111 01100101 01110100 01110011 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100100 01100101 01100011 01101111 01100100 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110010 01100101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101010 01101111 01101011 01100101"
"I lost my virginity at 13, my friends all thought it was a miracle" "Father John to say so"
"If being sexy is a crime" [deleted]
"Wanna hear a joke?" Sex
"The best laid plans, are daring and clever..." "tell that to the crew of the shuttle Challenger."
"I want to marry a girl named teenage." "so that even in my 60's I will be just hitting teenage."
"Guys! Guys! She said YES!!!!!!!!!" "I asked her if she has a boyfriend"
"What happens when Legolas visits Poland?" "He becomes a french nudist"
"A boy walks in on his dad masturbating..." "He asks him, ""Daddy what are you doing?""

His dad responds, ""Don't worry son, you'll be doing it soon.""

The boy then asks, ""Why's that daddy?""

His dad answers, ""Because my arms getting tired.."""
"Literally just happened" "W: ""It's so HARD!"" (referring to video game)
K: ""That's what she said.""
W: ""That's what who said?""
K: ""..."" (unwilling to explain xx joke to my 10yro bro
W: ""Who is She?""
K: ""She's the cats mother.""
W: ""Cats don't have mothers of fathers because they come from Jesus!""

K: wtf child"
"Pfizer &amp; Pepsi to Merge" "The Pfizer Corporation announced today that Viagra will soon be available in liquid form and this new product will be marketed by Pepsi Cola as a power beverage suitable for use as a mixer.

It will now be possible for a man to literally pour himself a stiff one."
"What did the leper say to the prostitute?" "“You can keep the tip”"
"Hey guys, could you all submit your jokes about my teacher Mr Marlie on the comments?" "Hey guys, so by tomorrow Imma log in to Mr Marlie's Zoom meeting and use Text to Speech with the Daniel Voice (this voice is used in meme videos) to play one of your funniest jokes... Please make them funny and appropiate"
"I'm excited to announce I'm starting my new company that strictly replaces fuses." "When customers come to me to have fuses replaced I'll be able to refuse but still get paid."
"LPT: NEVER hang your drivers license from your rearview mirror!" "You risk being pulled over for driving with a suspended license."
"Three men walk full speed into a building...." "The fourth man just decided to walk in at a normal pace, using the door."
"John to sex worker: Damn, it's hot in here, do you have an AC?" """Nope I have only fans"""
"Why did the kittens get in trouble during spelling class?" "Because they were copycats."
"I went to buy some camouflage pants the other day" "But I couldn't find any."
"A man is at a funeral of an old friend." "He approaches the dead man's wife, and asks if he could say a word. The wife says that yes, he could. The man stands up, clears his throat, and says ""Bargain"".
The wife smiles, and says ""Thank you, that means a great deal."""
"As a kid growing up I'd always get bullied, every morning they'd spit in my food and call me names." "Man, I hated being home schooled."
"With the Russian Elections coming up, a reporter asks Russian President Vladimir Putin a question at a press conference." """With Hilary Clinton almost becoming president, and Kamala Harris being elected the Vice President in the United States, do you think that a Russian woman could ever rise up to the highest office of our great nation and become president?""

President Putin responds immediately with no hesitation in his with a firm no, shocking the reporter. ""Why do you think that Mr. Putin,"" the reporter asks, surprised and confused at the blunt dismissal.

Vladimir calmly looks at the reporter and says ""I am not a woman."""
"“Hey, I’m looking for a book about turtles”" "“Ah yes, the hard back”

“Yeah, With small heads”"
"I work as a waiter" "I don’t get paid that much but it’s all good as long as it puts food on the table"
"I have a female Horse who sleeps during the day." "She's such a nightmare!"
"What do you call it when you put bread around your shin and calf?" "A below-knee sandwich."
"A black guy in a library asked me where the colored printers were." "I said, ""Dude, it's 2021, you can use any printer you want."""
"If J&amp;J has been making a vaccine..." "Then you can call that a Va-JJ."
"Have you guys heard of the huge fire at the shoe factory?" "10,000 soles were lost. The police said some heels started it."
"My wife and I were chatting the other day and she said to me, “Honey, I’ve thought a lot about it, and I’ve decided I’d like to be cremated.”" "So I said to her, “Alright, go get your coat.”"
"What did they name the movie about Twitter?" "I dunno it got cancelled"
"Two hunters are out in the woods…" "Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He’s not breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls 911.

“I think my friend is dead!” he yells. “What can I do?”

The operator says, “Calm down. First, let’s make sure he’s dead.”

There’s a silence, then a shot. Back on the phone, the guy says, “OK, now what?”"
"The boss says to an employee that he’s fired" "The employee says:”better go get the fire extinguisher“

The boss then proceeds to burn the employee  
The employee now has a grave in the local cemetery"
"I had a horrible nightmare last night" "I dreamed that I was attacked by a ship of undead who were nothing but bones.

Fortunately, there weren't very many of them.  It was a skeleton crew, after all."
"What sound do Italian guns make?" "più più più"
"Be careful what you wish for" "One for cake day: 

Tom finds an old, tarnished lamp. He gets excited, and polishes it vigorously. 

A genie appears and say ""Congratulations, you get three wishes! What is your first wish?""

Tom says, ""I want to be Rich!"". 

The genie says, ""No problem, done. What is your next wish, Rich?"""
"A joke on Google playstore..." pending
"When is a door not a door?" "When it's ajar."
"What do you call a box of the album Donuts?" "A quesadilla"
"A teacher was asking her class what sounds the farm animals make..." "The teacher said “Johnny, what sound does the cow make?”
Johnny said “Mooooo.”
“Very good!” the teacher replied.
She then asked Beth a question.
“Beth, what sound does the chicken make?”
“Bawk Bawk!” Beth replied.
“Excellent.” said the teacher. 
She then got to Leroy and asked:
“Leroy, what sound does the pig make?”
Leroy said, “HANDS IN THE AIR MOTHERFUCKER!”"
"What did the deer prostitute say in her ad?" "Get more bang for your buck!"
"Why is the sky unhappy?" "It has the blues!"
"You walk into town and see a protest..." "They're protesting against waiting for things.

""What do we want?""

""Instant gratification!""

""When do we want it?""

""NOW!""

They chant this only once, pause for a few seconds... and then go home in disappointment. 

How they organized I have no idea.

(Yeah that was terrible I know.)"
"A few moments after the daughter announced her engagement..." "her father asked, ""Does this fellow have any money?""

The daughter shook her head sadly...

""Oh Daddy! You men are all alike,"" sighing deeply, she replied, ""That's exactly what he asked me about you."""
"What’s the difference between a police officer and a bullet?" "When a bullet kills someone else, you know it’s been fired"
"What did the reddit user say after detonating a bomb inside a bank?" "EDIT: Wow! This blew up! Thanks for the gold!"
"Spring-cleaning my kitchen has me feeling like..." "... that knight in Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade who had to hang out in a cave for hundreds of years.  


Any minute now, some adventurer is going to walk through my door seeking ever-lasting life from one of my long-neglected tupperware containers."
"A new Navy recruit has his first day on the submarine..." "He speaks with the officer, who assigns him his post.

""Go stand at the periscope entry-way, and make sure no unauthorized personnel touch the periscope.""

The recruit follows orders, and stands by the periscope. After 15 minutes, the officer stops by.

""Son I'm changing your post to the mess hall. Go in there and start washing some dishes.""

The recruit obeys, and heads to the mess hall. He's cleaned about 3 dishes when the officer walks up again.

""Listen here recruit, your new post is in the supply room. I need you to make sure everything is strapped down tight, in case of rough waters.""

The recruit again follows orders, and heads off to the supply room. There, he sees a crewman, moving some boxes.

""Hey there,"" says the recruit. ""is it normal to keep getting reassigned to new posts all day? I haven't kept one position for more than 15 minutes!""

The crewman says ""Oh yeah- this sub is full of reposts."""
"I asked an Irishman the time" "He said “2:30”

I said “then go to the dentist”"
"It's so hard to find good reddit jokes now of theses days.." "Even good bad ones."
"When looking for a merely sexual partner..." "you’re first course of action may be to look for looks. Their sex organ size, their face, etc. But when looking for a marital partner, you may want to think outside the box."
"Girls call me ugly until they see my wallet." "Then they call me ugly AND poor."
"Today, a psychic told me I'd witness an unbelievable pain in 12 years." "To cheer myself up, I bought a puppy!"
"My grandfather warned people that the Titanic would sink" " No one listened, but he kept on warning them nonetheless until they got sick of him and kicked him out the movie theatre"
"A man buys an apple, 2 oranges and a banana." "On his way to the checkout, the cashier asks if he's single. 

Man: ""Yes I am, how did you know?""

Cashier: ""Because you're fucking ugly"""
"Remember when Grandma had a herb garden ?" "Good thymes hey !"
"I'm bleeding from the spleen" "I will die in 3 minutes"
"I am usually not a fan of chest hair..." "But its been growing on me lately."
"What do you call a bed that gets passed down through generations?" "An heir mattress"
"Reddit joke got animated." "Fellow redditors, I am a reddit jokes junky, so I have decided to do something about it, moving forward I will choose a few of the jokes in random and create animation based on the jokes,  as I get better at it, I will credit the Redditor who posted the joke here. 

If you enjoy animation videos then Please tag along on the
” jokes animation journey” and give me your honest feedback, cheers,..

Here is the very first reddit animated joke titled “An atheist dies and goes to hell”
Enjoy.

Find me on you tube channel name 
“Thoughts Animated” 

or search the video title itself, unfortunately I can’t post a link here, thank you."
"Did you know Mortal Kombat was based on an old Scandinavian song?" "A Finnish hymn."
"What do you call a death match between E.T. and a nerd with no social life?" "Alien versus Redditor."
"A teacher asked a student ""If there are four birds sitting next to each other on a tree, and you shoot one, how many do you have left?""" "The student replies ""None."" Curious, the teacher asks the boy about his answer, and the boy explains that if you shoot one bird, it startles the other birds into flying away, so you're left with none.

The teacher replies ""Not what I was looking for, but I like your answer.""

The student then asks the teacher ""Ok, let me ask you a question. There are three women all eating ice cream, one is biting her ice cream, one is licking her ice cream, and the other is sucking her ice cream. Which one of these women is married?""

The teacher thinks for a moment before replying ""The one sucking her ice cream?""

The student his head and replies ""No, it's the one with the wedding ring, but I like your answer."""
"What sport do you want to go pro in?" "Skiing! Having a camera mounted on my head while skiing seems like it would make for some awesome footage"
"What do you call a person who finishes last in medical school?" "Hopefully not my doctor"
"If I was in a room with two bullets, Hitler, Osama bin laden, and any person that sleeps fully clothed" "I’d walk away, because Hitler and Bin Laden are both dead and I don’t have a gun."
"Joke Advice" "So cany anyone tell me how i can deliver my jokes to make them funny. i have some hilarious life experiences I just don't know how to deliver them"
"A woman was giving birth and when the baby was finally out he told her he has good and bad news." "'WHAT'S THE BAD NEWS DOC' The woman screeched.

'Well your baby's ginger' the doctor told her.

'And the good news?' The woman sighed.

'Your baby's dead'"
"Fruit, especially ones with lots of fiber, help keep your bowel movements regular." "They are very pro deuce."
"What's it called when your drill instructor gets too much Sun on his lower leg?" "A TANNNN SHIN!!!"
Genesis " A child asked his father, ""**How were people born?**"" So his father said, ""Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on."" The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, ""We were monkeys then we evolved to become like we are now."" The child ran back to his father and said, ""You lied to me!"" His father replied, ""No, your mom was talking about *her side* of the family."""
"I was going to tell you guys a time travelling joke..." "Why didn't ???
Well you didn't like it....."
"Being afraid of Germans makes one a......" "Klaustraphobe ?
or a Germophobe......."
"What is a penguin’s favorite dancing style?" "Pole Dancing"
"You are so antisocial.." ".. that even your steam games run when you want to play."
"What do you get when you cross a mentally ill loner with a society who abandons him and treats him like trash?" "You get what you Fucking deserve!"
Olympics "Why does mexico and cuba not win much in the olympics?  


Becuase all the good swimmers, runners and jumpers are already in the US"
"Ctrl + c" "Ctrl + v"
"What's the difference between a snowman and a snow woman?" "Snow balls"
"Why do bald Eagles throw up every time a law is broken?" "Because its ""ill-egal"""
"Men's room was closed!" "A guy had to go very badly, and the Men's room was closed. Looking around, he see's there are no women in the bathroom.  
 

He sits down, and notices three buttons in front of him marked,       WW, WA, and ATR. Curiosity gets the better of him so he decides to press WW. Suddenly, warm water sprays up his rear. “Mmmm,” he says to himself. “That was good.” So he presses WA and a jet of warm air dries his backside. “Mmmm. Nice!” So finally he can’t resist pressing the ATR button.   
 

The next thing he knows, he is waking up in a hospital ward just as the nurse is entering the room. “Nurse, Nurse! Where am I? What happened?” The nurse replies, “You must have pressed the ATR       button.” “What does ATR mean exactly?” says the guy.

  
 “Automatic Tampon Remover. Your testicles are under your pillow.”"
"Love is like a fart..." "If you force it too hard, it will turn out shit."
Dentist "I'd rather go through the pain of childbirth again than let you drill in  my mouth,"" the woman told her dentist.   
 

He replied, ""Well, please make up your mind so I can adjust my chair."""
"Did you hear they caught a spy working in the bakery?" "It was a flandestine operation."
"Wendy in Jamaica" "Once upon a time there was a recently married couple. His name was Mike and his wife's name was Wendy. To show his love Mike decided to tattoo Wendy's name on his dick. The problem was as long as his d wasn't hard you could only read the ""W"" and the ""Y"".
For their Honeymoon they decided to travel to Jamaica. After having a lot of fun while partying, dancing and drinking Mike had to use the bathroom.
So while he is standing at the uniral he just couldn't have look at some jamaican dudes dick standing beside him. It was just a short look but he saw that this dude also had a ""W"" and ""Y"" tattooed on his d. 
He couldn't resist.
He had to ask if this guy's wife is also named Wendy. 

But the Jamaican just answered: Oh no, I got a tattoo there and it says ""WELCOME TO JAMAICA HAVE A NICE DAY""






Sorry for bad grammar"
"Did you hear about the guy who can talk to sneakers?" "He converses with them"
"The hardest thing about being bisexual" "Is trying to remember if I’m suppose to have sex twice a week, or once every two weeks."
"I just got a job in a factory making plastic Draculas" "There are only two of us on the production line, so I have to make every second count"
"Why is the mailman not ringing the doorbell with this finger?" "Kid: hey dad, do you know why is the mailman not ringing the doorbell with this finger *shows his thumb*?
Dad: why?
Kid: because it's my finger"
"Out of curiosity, I measured my cock and got 8 inches." " I felt fine until I realized I had the ruler turned backwards."
"What's Jeffery Epstein's favorite file format?" "A PDF-file"
"Apparently, France still leads the US in total executions performed." "However, I don't think that's a fair comparison as France got a head start."
"the most stupid chess player in the world!" 
"Baby snake: “Mommy, are we poisonous?”" "Mother snake: “Yes, son. Why?”
Baby snake: “I just bit my tongue.”"
"What did the North Korean say that opposed Kim Jong Un?" "Nothing, they were already killed."
"I'm opening a floating restaurant on a houseboat where we sell ice cream tacos, and our mascot is a gorilla dressed like an ancient Mongolian warrior." "I call it ""Attila Gorilla's Vanilla Tortilla Flotilla"""
"Why was 8 afraid of 7?" "Because 7 was a registered 6 offender."
"I used to have the skeeziest math teacher..." "He was an absolute sumlord."
"This guy hears a knock. Opens his door and looks down, and he sees a snail." "Snail says, “Hello, sir, I was wondering if -“

The guy interrupts the snail and says, “Get lost!” and kicks the snail across the yard, and goes back inside. 

Seven months later, the guy hears a knock. Open his door looks down, and sees the snail.

Snail says: 

“What the hell do you do that for?”"
"A statue stands in the middle of a busy city naked and embracing." "A fair comes down and feels bad for them. She decides to wave her wand and bring them to life. She explains to them that she has seen them there for 10 years now and they must want to do what to naked embracing lovers would want to do. So she says you have one hour to go off and have fun. 50 minutes later they come out of the bushes all sweaty and out of breath. The fairy explains to them they still have 10 minutes left. So the guy looks at his lover and says “this time you hold down the pigeons and I’ll shit on them”."
"What's a sad man's favorite kind of coffee?" Depresso
"A Horse Walks into a Bar" "A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Hey fellow, why the long face?”

The horse, incapable of understanding the English language, shits all over the floor and leaves."
"A few years ago, I saw a Hispanic magician" "My favorite trick was at end, when he said he would dissappear at the count of three. 

And he started counting ""Uno...."" 

""Dos.... ""

And poof, he was gone. Without a Tres."
"I don't understand the conflict in America, you're all equal." "You're all fat."
"Winter is finally over, Spring is here and the trees are full again!" "What a re-leaf!"
"I think my wife might be a segregationist." "She gets REALLY mad when I mix the whites and colors together."
"Knock knock, whos there? Stigma, stigma who?" "Stigma hand in a blender, WHEEEEE!"
"I like my scotch just like Biden likes his women..." "12 years old and locked in a cellar"
"Before I got married I was in a store paying for groceries." "I had a quart of milk, a half dozen eggs and a TV dinner.  The cashier looks at me with a smile and says “You MUST be single!”
I said “Why do you say that?”
And she said “Because your so fu$king ugly!”"
"My wife: You need to do more chores around the house." "Me: Can we change the subject?

My wife: Okay. More chores around the house need to be done by you."
"I'm getting sick of people misspelling their homynyms" "We should round them up and leave them in a dessert"
"I was trying to play Xbox with Paul walker" "But he spent all his time on the dashboard"
"Man and cockroach talking. Man: ""My penis is ten times longer than your whole body.""" "Cockroach: ""Yet I make your wife scream louder than you do."""
"I got three different compliments today on my jacket, my shoes, and my hair." "I don’t know what’s wrong with my stupid pants."
"Johnny is chilling in the sitting room with his dad" "and his dad asks him to bring his slippers from his step sisters room,

and Johnny goes to his step sisters room and he finds her chilling with her friend,

and Johnny says to them    *'Dad said to fuck both of you'*

And the girls say     *'Are you fucking crazy what the fuck are you talking about'*

and Johnny says     *'You don't believe me? Let me ask dad'*

and Johnny shouts to his dad    ' *Dad, one of them or both* ?'

and Johnny's dad says out loud     '*Both of them you idiot*'"
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" "
To get to the idiots house. 

Knock knock
Who’s there?
A chicken"
"What do you call a guy with a one inch willy?" Just-in
"It's a chicken in the backyard." "A chicken goes into a library. He stands at the librarians desk and says, ""Buk"", so she gives him a book. A couple minutes later the chicken returns. ""Buk"", he says, and she hands him another book. This goes on and on.

Finally it is the librarian's break time. She goes out back to get some fresh air by the pond. That is when she sees the chicken and a frog on a lilypad. ""Buk"" says the chicken as he tosses a book to the frog. ""Reddit"" replies the frog..."
"5 de Mayo Celebration" "I asked my wife if I could have a Margarita or two after work. Now she is divorcing me. Apparently she didn’t like the Pictures I posted with two 25 year old Mexican Margaritas I met at the bar."
"How can you tell the difference between a physicist and a lawyer?" "Have them say the word object."
"My Grandfather was responsible for downing dozens of Nazi planes back during WW2." "He considered himself the worst engineer the Luftwaffe ever had."
"So Bill Gates sends Melinda a Hotmail after the divorce." """Let’s get married again” he writes. 

“What do you mean?” she replies on MSN. “We just got divorced!  You said the marriage wasn’t working!  Why would you want to start everything up again?”

“That’s always worked before” he says."
"Being a fire breather..." "Is like playing with fire"
"A man came to a multi cultural school." "He wanted to make a presentation in front of the class, but then the fire alarm went off. The fire was already at the door so they couldn’t get out. 

He told the teacher: ”Let me jump out of the window so you can throw the kids and I catch them.”

The teacher thought that was a pretty good Idea.

He jumped out quickly since the fire was already in the class room.

The teacher threw a British child and he caught it.

Then the teacher threw a Japanese child and he caught it.

Then the teacher threw an African child and the man didn’t catch it.

The teacher thought he probably couldn’t react fast he enough and threw another African child. The man didn’t catch it a second time.

When the teacher wanted to throw the third African child the man said: “Just leave the burnt ones behind we’re losing time.”"
"Why did the hostage cross the hallway?" "To find a good place to hide."
"What do they call pork butt in Palestine?" Ham-ass!
"Most people don't know that back in 1912, Hellmann's mayonnaise was manufactured in England." "In fact, the Titanic was carrying 12,000 jars of the condiment scheduled for delivery in Vera Cruz, Mexico, which was to be the next port of call for the great ship after its stop in New York. This would have been the largest single shipment of mayonnaise ever delivered to Mexico. 

But as we know, the great ship did not make it to New York. The ship hit an iceberg and sank, and the cargo was forever lost. The people of Mexico, who were crazy about mayonnaise, and were eagerly awaiting its delivery, were disconsolate at the loss. Their anguish was so great, that they declared a National Day of Mourning, which they still observe to this day. The National Day of Mourning occurs each year on May 5th and is known, of course, as Sinko de Mayo."
"So an Irishman..." "... walks out of a bar."
"No Good Question Goes Unbilled..." "A man went to a lawyer and asked what his fee was. The lawyer says, ""$100 for three questions.""
""Isn't that a bit steep?"" asked the man.
""Yes,"" said the lawyer. ""Now, what's your third question?"""
"Which continent is not a continent?" "Europe, because you're-a-peeing (aka incontinent)!"
"Why did the lion cross the savannah?" "To get to the other pride."
"Where do horses live?" "In the N e i g h bourhood"
"A man was sent to Hell for his sins..." "As he was being led into the pits for an eternity of torment, he saw a lawyer passionately kissing a beautiful woman.
""What's the deal???"" he said. ""I have to roast in flames for all eternity and that lawyer gets to spend it with that beautiful woman!""
Satan jabbed the man with his pitchfork and snarled, ""Who are you to question that woman's punishment???"""
"What do you get when you cross the Godfather with a lawyer?" "An offer you can't understand."
"What's the difference between YouTube and reddit video?" "In YouTube, the pictures move."
"What do you call 25 attorneys buried up to their chins in cement?" "Not enough cement"
"A woman is getting out of the shower when she hears a knock at the door" "“It’s the blind man!” 
She thinks to herself, oh he’s blind I don’t have to get dressed as he can’t see me 
She goes to open the door and asks him what he wants 
He smiles, walks in the house and says 
“Lovely pair of tits you’re spotting there, where would you like like the blinds?”"
"Why do they bury lawyers under 20 feet of dirt?" "Because deep down they're really good people."
"I need help!" "Contactme please!!"
"When wearing a bikini, a woman reveals 90 % of her body" "Men are so polite that they only look at the covered part."
"How many dyslexics does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" tow
"A man asks his neighbour if it’s ok to pet his dog" "“Yea he’s a sweetheart, never bit a soul in his life, of course you can!” Says the neighbour 
The man pats the dog and the dog bites his hand 
“I thought you said your dog is a sweetheart and doesn’t bite!” Exclaims the man 
The neighbour looks at him shrugging and says 
“Yes, but that’s not my dog”"
"Why did Mike Tyson have to cancel his big fight with Chris Hemsworth?" "He was Thor."
"My friend John told me his dad has Parkinson." "So that's why he looked so butthurt."
"Another one!" "Two llamas were preparing to go on a trip, one asked ""Did you pack Sunscreen yet?"" the other responded with ""No, but Alpaca few."""
"Interesting how Bill and Melinda Gates marriage ended." "Bill gave her windows and she showed him the door."
"My 17 year old brother is a sumo wrestler. I used to call him ""Fat"" before he hit the professional circuit." "Now I call him Pro Teen"
"Was hat Zwei Beine und Kann nicht Schwimmen?" "Ein halbe Hund."
"A sales guy rings the doorbell on a house, and the door is opened by a 12 year old, holding a glass of cognac and smoking a cigar" "The sales guy is a bit stunned, but plows forward and asks, ""Is your dad home?""

The kid replies, ""What the fuck do you think?"""
"It's often said that you'll find the love of your life when you're not looking, which was true for me..." "But by then it was too late to hit the brakes"
"Jack and Alice" "A worker has 2 employees, Jack and Alice. He doesn't need one of them to work for him. 
They are both equally as good and he's doesn't know what to do. 
One day he is sitting in the cafeteria, Alice approaches him.
""What's wrong boss"" says Alice 
""I either have to lay you or jack off"" replies the boss"
"What's an Irish seven course meal?" "a six pack and a bag of chips"
"I'm no mathematician, but..." "6\*9 + 6 + 9 = 69"
"How many journalists does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Three:

One to report it as an inspired government program to bring light to the poor.
One to report it as a conspiracy to deprive the poor of darkness.
And one to win a Pulitzer Prize for reporting that the electric company hired someone to break the lightbulb in the first place. 

But in the end none of them actually changed the bulb."
"Facing a mirror, saying ‘Bloody Mary’ 3 times summons a demon." "In public, saying ‘what?’ in Spanish 3 times summons the police."
"It's all shits and giggles...." "...until someone giggles and shits"
"Why shouldn't you choke Richard?" "Because you'll go  blind and get hairy  knuckles"
"A construction crew was building a house" "After a while, the four-year-old next door becomes fascinated by the activity and starts coming around. They provide her with a hard hat, give her little jobs and, at the end of the week, present her with a $5 pay packet.

She proudly takes the packet home where her parents make a massive fuss over her and say that, since she's earning an income now, she should have her own bank account. So they take her to the bank and she walks up to the teller.

""Well will you look at this. How did you earn all that money?!""

""We're building a house!""

""Will you be building a house next week?""

""I will be if they deliver the fucking lumber!"""
Penis Hihi.
"What does a chad do?" "Congratulate a person's cake day"
"How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag?" "Pet the elephant to calm it down, then take the “f” out of “way”"
"I asked my mom who my biological father is." "Mom: ""You were made possible by RAID: Shadow Legends."""
"No matter where I go, I like to bring my ukulele, then, whenever someone asks if I play an instrument, I say..." "

“I play a little guitar!"""
"Bob Jones was a good man. He never cheated on his wife, always filed taxes truthfully and on time, and never missed mass until the day he died." "When the chariot came to take him, he was sad that he can no longer be with his lovely wife and adorable children but he was humbled and ecstatic to be finally with his Lord and Savior. To his utter dismay, the chariot passed right by the pearly gates and kept on going. With St. Peter in his rearview mirror, Bob started praying for salvation, utterly confused and distraught. His ardent prayers stirred the Lord and He summoned the Archangel, after all, Bob did file taxes truthfully all those years and he at least deserves an explanation on why he's still going to hell.  

Bob was bawling his eyes out when the Archangel appeared in front of him. Bob begged him to let him know why despite everything he has done he was not successful in amassing good karma. The Archangel put his hand on Bob's shoulder, looked into his eyes and said with a tone that's full of pity,

""Sorry, bud, if you don't flair like the mods tell you to, your posts will get deleted. No posts, No karma!"""
"I ran out of toilet paper so I started using old newspapers" "The Times are rough"
"Ivan Pavlov's Experiment." "Pavlov is sitting in a pub, enjoying his drink when the phone rang.

He jumps up, shouting;

&amp;#x200B;

*""Damn, I forgot to feed the dog!""*"
"My dyslexic brother got banned from a Marvel Facebook group for answering 'What movie launched the MCU?'" "He still insists it was '2000AIDS Iron Man'"
"The Mexican guy next door was fired and kicked out of the house in the same day" "You should've seen hispanic"
"My boss told me that I need to come in early because ""we're short""" "I told her ""I'm only 5'7, So I don't know how much help I'd be"""
"Milk has been marketed to lesbians and lesbian little people for a long time." "The containers say gal homo and half gal homo."
"I'll never forget what my grandpa said to me just before he died..." """Are you still holding the ladder?"""
"Sex Ed" "Three boys received their grades from their female sex education instructor. 

One got a D, the second a D- and the third an F.

""One day we should get her for this,"" said the first boy. ""

“We’ll grab her” he continued. “And we’ll tie her up!” said the second.

""Yeah,"" said the third. ""And then we'll kick her in the nuts!"""
"A man hasn't been feeling well, so he goes to his doctor for a complete checkup." "Afterward, the doctor comes out with the results. ""I'm afraid I have some very bad news,"" the doctor says. ""You're dying, and you don't have much time left."" ""Oh, that's terrible!"" says the man. ""How long have I got?"" ""Ten,"" the doctor says sadly. ""Ten?"" the man asks. ""Ten what? Months? Weeks? What?!"" ""Nine..."""
"How do you keep a secret in a room with a bunch of clocks?" "Only time will tell."
"I saw this rock and I was wondering why it was coming closer," "But then it hit me."
"A chicken and an egg are lying in bed." " The chicken is smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face and the egg is frowning and looking put out.  The egg mutters to no one in particular, ""I guess we answered that question."""
"I got arrested for downloading the whole Wikipedia." "I got arrested for downloading the whole Wikipedia.

I told them I could explain everything."
"Scientists have discovered that most women have intelligent DNA at some point in their lives" "Unfortunately, most of them spit it out"
"Why does everyone hate the shopping mall that only has a store that stocks a single handbag for women?" "Because it's a one purse center."
"A man who doesn't speak the English moves to a town. He decides to check out the town." "He goes into a restaurant and learns how to say, fork and knife fork and knife. Then he goes to a candy store and learns how to say, goody goody gumdrop goody goody gumdrop. Then he goes into a music shop and learns how to sing, me me me me me. Then he sees an electrician and learns how to say, plug it in plug it in.

When he was walking back home he sees police and a body bag next to the street, he hears the police ask each other who killed this guy. The man then proceeds to sing, ""me me me me me!"" Then the police say, ""What did you kill home with?"" The man says, ""fork and knife fork and knife!"" The police say, ""You're going to prison for a long time!"" The man says, ""Goody goody gumdrop goody goody gumdrop!"" The police say, "" You really are sick, your going in the electric chair!"" The man then says, ""Plug it in plug it in!"""
"Q: What do you call a 7 year old with no friends?" "A: A Sandy Hook survivor."
"I can't stand Russian dolls." "They’re so full of themselves."
"What is the Taliban's favorite sports team?" "The New York Jets"
"The broadcasting department is carrying out a house-to-house survey" "In one of the houses, the surveyor asked, ""What do you think of sex on the television?

The lady replied: ""Very uncomfortable""."
"Did you hear about Michael J Fox getting Covid?" "Apparently he got it from shaking hands"
"what do you call a cat in outer space ?" "a Catellite"
"Katie price in hospital after 32 year old assaulted her in the early hrs" "I guess Carl Woods took ""Hittin that"" literally."
"It is 1939 and a Soviet army is marching on Finland" "As they pass the border, they hear a Finnish voice over the hill -

""One Finnish soldier is better than 10 Soviet soldiers!""

The Soviet general laughs, as he sends 10 men on the hill to capture it.

There is gunfire for a minute and then everything goes silent for a moment, and they then hear the same voice -

""One Finnish soldier is better than a hundred of yours!""

Annoyed, the Soviet general sends hundred men to capture the hill. There is gunfire and bombs going for ten minutes, and everything goes silent again. Suddenly, the same voice yells out -

""One Finnish soldier is better than thousand of Soviet soldiers!""

Enraged, the general sends a thousand men, accompanied with tanks, artillery, mortar teams, and tells them to not return until the hill is theirs.

For half an hour hell breaks loose, bombs and explosions, gunfire, screams and death all around, and then it goes silent again.

One Soviet soldier crawls back, severely wounded and battered.

Before the general could say anything, the soldier says -

""Do not send more troops, comrade general, it's a trap! There is two of them."""
"What do hydroxychloroquine, dog wormer, bleach, light up the butt, thoughts, and prayers, have in common in the pandemic?" "They don't do shit."
"What is the name of a demonic cookbook?" "The Necronom-nom-nom."
"How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" "Two, obviously. How they got inside the lightbulb is the part I don't understand..."
"Legal Humor" "A recent news headline indicated that lawyers were now being used as experimental test subjects in place of laboratory rats.  I read further because this just didn't seem right, but the story gave several very solid reasons for the substitution of lawyers for rats.

First:  There are more of them.

Second:  The researchers had a tendency to become attached to the laboratory rats.

Third:  There are just some things you can't get a rat to do."
"What do an umbrella and reserve bank funds have in common?" "Both are supposed to be saved for a rainy day :D"
"The first 5 days" "After the weekend are the hardest"
"Mulla Nasrudin at his wedding reception" """I don't know why your father does not like me,"" she said to Mulla Nasrudin at their wedding reception.

""Neither do I,"" replied Nasrudin. ""AFTER ALL, MONEY, BRAINS, AND LOOKS ARE NOT EVERYTHING."""
"My elderly relatives used to tease me at weddings saying, ""You'll be next!""" "They soon stopped though, once I started doing the same to them at funerals."
"I got kicked out of the casino last night for being too drunk." "But when I was being escorted out, everyone asked why I kept saying “card counting” and the bouncer became the most rattled man in the world. He started screaming “thats’s not reason why!!”."
"A local woman walked into the Saudi DMV and asked for her drivers license." "The man said: 'no problem, it'll arrive in 30 years'.

She said: 'Morning, or afternoon?'

The man said: ""How should I know, it's 30 years from now.""

She said: 'my pants arrive in the morning.'"
"What's the difference between Iron man and Black Panther ?" "Iron man have 2 layer iron suit with lots of missile. Black panther have iron suit with 1 layer and iron nales."
"No means no." "-page 47 of my Spanish to English dictionary"
"Where does a black woman sleep?" "In the master bedroom."
"A taxi driver picks up a suspicious man at the airport." "Once the man has taken seat in the cab, he draws a gun and forces the cabbie to drive him into the woods. Once they are there, the man drags the driver out of his cab and takes him behind a tree. Then he orders the cabbie back into the car and flicks his wallet. ""Okay, here's a thousand bucks."" Cue the taxi driver gasping. ""A thousand bucks?! I would have volunteered for a 100!"""
"Why did the nurse need a red pen at work?" "Why did the nurse need a red pen at work?

In case she needed to draw blood."
"Three men applied to put up telephone poles." "The foreman sent them each out with a truck and 20 poles, telling them to come back after 8 hours.

The first man returns and says ""I put up 12 poles.""

The second man returns and says ""I put up 15 poles.""

The third man returns and says ""I put up 3 poles.""

""Three?"" asks the foreman.  ""These two guys put up nearly thirty between them and you only put up three?""

""Yeah,"" the third man says, ""But you should see how much they left sticking out of the ground!"""
"Did you know..." "Did you know that Michael Jackson used to sing while on helium? 


You could tell because of the ""HE HE!!""."
"What's the favorite sex position of a methhead couple?" "Doggystyle, so they can both look out of the window."
"Doctor: *panic*" " Disabled guy: Stands

 Blind guy: “did he just stand?”

 Deaf guy: “did he just see?”

 Mute guy: “did he just hear?”"
"I thought my pull out game was weak" "But have you seen the American pull out game in Afghanistan?"
"I haven't made up my mind around masturbation" "Cuz on one hand it feels good.

-Bo Burnham"
"a competetion" " 

a competition was held, to win one must pass 3 rooms :

first room is filled with beer and to get to the other room you have to drink all of it

second room there's a hungry lion, you have to take off one of his teeth

third room there's a girl with a 4th degree black belt in karate, that you have to r\*pe

a french guy went in the first room but fainted after dinking half of it

a german guy went in the first room drunk all the beer went to the second but the lion ate him

a Russian dude went in the first room drunk all the beer went to the second everyone could hear the lion roaring

after a while the Russian dude came out looking haggard but he didn't have any lion teeth in his hand after a second of silence he blurted out "" where's the girl you want me to take off her teeth ? """
"I am 35 and my girlfriend is 7, but she keeps getting angry when i tell people about this." "Maybe i should stop mentioning our clash of clans levels."
"TIL a doctor who specializes in Adam’s apples is a..." guyneckologist
"A drunk wakes up in jail and asks the first police officer he sees, ""Why am I here?"" ""For drinking."" replies the officer. ""Great!"" slurs the man." " ""When do we start?!"""
"I was eating my girlfriend out…" "And I tasted donkey semen. 


I was like, “Awwwww, grandma! Is that how you died?"
"Where does a dinosaur keep his underwear?" DRAWR
"Why dont vegans moan during sex?" "Because they don't want to admit that meat makes them happy"
"Old Croatian joke. ""it's long"" NSFW" "Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.Once there was a dog that stole a bone, a butcher came and cut off his nose. The dogs gathered and dug his grave and wrote on it.It may go infinitive but I will stop here."
"If you fall in a pile of french bread, will you die?" "No, but you will be in a lot of ""pain"""
Lol Lol.
"What do you call a Nazi propaganda publication when published in the united States?" "Dewormer.  (Only old school Nazi haters will get this joke)"
"Wife and husband in the store." "Wife:

\- Don't forget to buy condoms.

Husband:

\- Damn. Two dollars for three times.

Wife, puzzled:

\- And what does someone give you cheaper?"
"There’s no easy way to say this…" Worcestershire
"My Chinese waiter thinks all white people look alike and gave my food to the wrong customer" " Wait. Never mind. That wasn't my waiter."
"You know what they say about tounge piercings." "Daddy issues."
"An Irish dad calls his son in London the day before Christmas Eve and says, “I hate to ruin your day but I have to tell you that your mother and I are divorcing.”" " “Dad, what are you talking about?” the son screams.

“We can’t stand the sight of each other any longer,” the father says. “We’re sick of each other and I’m sick of talking about this, so you call your sister in Leeds and tell her.”

The son calls his sister, who explodes on the phone. “Like heck they’re getting divorced!”she shouts, “I’ll take care of this!”

She calls Ireland immediately, and screams at her father, “You are NOT getting divorced. Don’t do a single thing until I get there. I’m calling my brother back, and we’ll both be there tomorrow. Until then, don’t do a thing, DO YOU HEAR ME?” and hangs up.

The old man hangs up his phone and turns to his wife. “Sorted! They’re coming for Christmas – and they’re paying their own way"""
"A policeman was interrogating 3 guys who were training to become detectives. To test their skills in recognizing a suspect, he shows the first guys a picture for 5 seconds and then hides it. ""This is your suspect, how would you recognize him?""" " The first guy answers, ""That's easy, we'll catch him fast because he only has one eye!""

The policeman says, ""Well...uh...that's because the picture I showed is his side profile.""

Slightly flustered by this ridiculous response, he flashes the picture for 5 seconds at the second guy and asks him, ""This is your suspect, how would you recognize him?""

The second guy smiles, flips his hair and says, ""Ha! He'd be too easy to catch because he only has one ear!""

The policeman angrily responds, ""What's the matter with you two?!!? Of course only one eye and one ear are showing because it's a picture of his side profile! Is that the best answer you can come up with?""

Extremely frustrated at this point, he shows the picture to the third guy and in a very testy voice asks, ""This is your suspect, how would you recognize him?

He quickly adds, ""Think hard before giving me a stupid answer.""

The third guy looks at the picture intently for a moment and says, ""The suspect wears contact lenses.""

The policeman is surprised and speechless because he really doesn't know himself if the suspect wears contacts or not.

""Well, that's an interesting answer. Wait here for a few minutes while I check his file and I'll get back to you on that.""

He leaves the room and goes to his office, checks the suspect's file on his computer and comes back with a beaming smile on his face.

""Wow! I can't believe it. It's TRUE! The suspect does, in fact, wear contact lenses. Good work! How were you able to make such an astute observation?""

""That's easy..."" the third guy replied. ""He can't wear regular glasses because he only has one eye and one ear."""
"Interviewer: what's your biggest weakness?" "Me: Honesty

Interviewer: I hardly think that's a wea--

Me: I don't give a shit about what you think"
"My wife says I only have 2 faults." "I don't listen and something else."
"A guy walks into a bar" "Because he didn't look up from his damn phone"
"Sheldon Cooper wasn't a real person." "He was just a theoretical physicist."
"What do you call a police officer in bed?" "A pig in a blanket"
"My girlfriend told me to go harder next time" "I tried and stick can’t open the jar"
"What do you get when you combine a carpenter with a bunch of fishermen?" "A shepherd!"
"A man boards a flight from London to LA." "Midway in the flight, there is a bit of a turbulence and then an announcement.  


""This is your captain speaking. We have a bit of bad news. During the turbulence we experienced, one of our engines have failed. But there is nothing to worry about, the plane still has three engines functioning. We will land in LA with a delay of one hour.""

A few minute goes by, the plane makes quite a bit of noises from the outside, and then silence, followed by the announcement.  


""This is your captain speaking. We have a bit of more bad news. We are not sure what hit us, but because of it, our second engine has failed. But there is nothing to worry about, the plane still has two engines still functioning. We will land in LA with a delay of two hours.""  


Half an hour later, the plane shakes violently and oxygen masks drop from the overhead compartments. The shaking continues for a few minutes and it finally stops. An announcement followed.  


""This is your captain speaking. We have been hit by a few migratory birds. This has caused yet another engine to fail. This is still not a matter of worry as we still have one engine still functioning. But this does mean that we will be landing in LA with a delay of three hours.""  


Exasperated, and a little shaken, the man turns to his neighbour and says, ""Hopefully the fourth engine doesn't fail or we will be up here forever."""
"Math Teacher: James, what do you get when you subtract 897 from 1824 and add 176 and divide the answer by 3?" "James: A Headache ma'am."
"One day teacher asked Sam that did his father help him with his homework." " Sam simply said that “No, he did it all by himself”!"
"Albert Einstein had a brother named Frank." "But he was a real monster."
"Teacher asked the students to tell the most common word used by students in a classroom." "Suddenly a student got up and said “Can’t Sir”!  
Brilliant! You are right, the teacher said!"
"What do you call a nun 10,000 feet in the air?" "Nun of the above"
"What do you call boobs that always try their best?" Responsibilititties
"Life is like the ocean" "In the years before World War II, in a little Polish village, a learned rabbi used to teach his students, “Life is like the ocean.” And they would nod and respond, “Yes, life is like the ocean.” One young student was particularly taken with this philosophy, and he carried it with him through the long years of the war, which he barely survived. Later becoming a rabbi in his own right, he moved to Philadelphia, and taught all his eager young students, “Life is like the ocean.” Year after year, “Life is like the ocean.” And they would nod and respond, “Yes, life is like the ocean.” One year, though, a student asked, “But Rabbi, why is life like the ocean?” And the rabbi had no answer. Why is life like the ocean? The question haunted him. It plagued him so much that eventually he returned to his home village, hoping against hope to find his teacher still alive. Incredibly, the rabbi had survived the war, though now was quite old and in fact lay on his death bed when the young man arrived. He knelt by the old rabbi’s side and entreated, “Rabbi, Rabbi, why is life like the ocean?” The old man looked at him through watery eyes and replied, “Okay, so life isn’t like the ocean.”  "
"Help! I’m stuck on Rick Astley’s roof.." [deleted]
"How many Freudian psychologist does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Two. One to change the lightbulb, and one to good the penis...

LADDER! I meant ladder!"
"Have a foreskin?" "Call that a smegma male"
"I'm addicted to drinking brake fluid..." "But I can stop when I want."
"How many psychoanalyst does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Only one. But, it takes years and years of therapy, and ultimately the lightbulb has to want to change."
"Like Freud says..." "...if it's not ones thing, it's your mother."
"Who do you think loves you more?" "Your wife or your dog? If you lock both of them in your cars trunk, who do you think will be happy to see you letting them out after 2 hours?"
"Two rednecks join the army, after a couple of years they both are higher up in the ranks" "Jim-bob ""hey huck, we got to go to that STD talk later"", huck ""No we dont"", jim-bob ""why not ?"", huck "" because them  STD's only affects the privates"""
"Two physicists and two mathematicians are invited to a conference at university" "(You may think you’ve heard this before but I’ve got a twist on the ending)

The four guys meet up and find a train to the conference.

At the train station, the physicists buy two tickets each, but the mathematicians only buy one. 

They board the train and begin talking, but when they hear the ticket checker coming, one physicist asks,

“Oh no, there’s a ticket checker on this train, you guys are screwed”

One of the mathematicians reply, “don’t worry, we have a plan”

The two mathematicians run to the toilet and enter the same stall. When the ticket checker knocks on the door, they slide one ticket under the door.

“That’s genius!” exclaims one of the physicists, “we have to try that on the way back”

They get to the conference and it goes well.
On the train back, the physicists buy one ticket, but this time, the mathematicians don’t buy a single ticket.

The physicists are confused, but go along with it. When they hear the ticket collector approach, the physicists run to the toilet while the mathematicians stay seated. The mathematicians then go to the toilet stall the physicists are in, knocks on the door and says,

“Tickets please”

The mathematicians snicker that they’ve pulled this off and one mathematician says to the other

“Classic physicists, they use our system without understanding them”"
"What’s the difference between Amazon and prison?" "You can sit down in prison"
"Pyotr is a poor serf in Tsarist Russia... (Wife's favourite joke)" "...tilling his field one day, he unearths a lamp. As he starts to rub off the dirt, a genie comes flying out and in a great, booming voice, says, ""Pyort Petrovich, you have freed me! Fortunate you are, for I shall grant you any wish your heart desires!""

Pyort thinks a moment and says, ""No, I do not want anything.""

The genie says, ""But I could grant you chests upon chests of treasure and gold.""

""No, the landlord, he would just take it all and have me beaten for hiding it from him.""

""Then, I will grant you the most beautiful woman in the world as your wife.""

""No, no. My Masha god-rest-her-soul was the most beautiful woman to me. She cannot be replaced, and a beautiful woman could not live here in the mud.""

""Then, I shall grant you eternal life!""

""No, life is already hard enough, I do not want any more than God has given me.""

The genie is stumped. ""There must be something you want. What about your neighbours? Surely some are better off than you? Look at Ivan Ivanovich, across the lane, he has a goat, does he not? And you have none.""

Pyort's eyes suddenly shine with understanding. ""Yes, thank you genie! I have my wish.""

""And what is it?""

""I wish for you to kill Ivan's goat."""
"How does COVID travel and transmit?" "Via the batmobile."
"I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome..." "It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I kinda liked it."
"What do you call a brochure full of spiders?" "A bro-nope!"
"Animal Farm, 2021" "On the farm, the chicken coop was set up right next to the  pasture.  For the most part, all the farm animals peacefully coexisted, each minding their own business. 

But one day, Charlie Chicken wandered off a bit, daydreaming about some hens he met the previous night.  Cletus and Clem blindly tagged along, thinking he was on an important mission.    

Before he knew it, they found themselves standing among some cows queued up to be milked.  Many didn't notice, but some cows began to get irritated.  

Carl the Cow was the first to notice the mounting tension.  Thinking himself the bigger bovine, he decided to head things off before they got ugly.

""Sorry guys.   Chicken should be screened and not herded."""
"Anti-vaxxers are just scared of needles, which is ironic" "Because they're  all pricks"
"Inconsistencies start early on in the Bible, with Adam, the first man." "A real man would have never shared his ribs."
"What do you call humans native to Naboo?" "Nabobs





Yes, I just learned that word."
"What's the difference between a cow and 9/11?" "You can't milk a cow for 20 years straight."
"[OC] Florida is a country." "We have lots of crazy c*nts and lots of trees."
"Why did Bill Cosby get hit with contempt of court?" "He was accused of quaaluding with the jury."
"3 Early Girl tomatoes are sitting on the window sill, which one is a cowboy?" "Neither of the three, they are all redskins."
"An English and a French cat" "An English cat called OneTwoThree and a French cat called UnDeuxTrois were bragging about their swimming skills. OneTwoThree suggested a race across the English Channel in two days time and so UnDeuxTrois agreed.

On the morning of the race UnDeuxTrois and OneTwoThree met at the port of Calais and begun their race.

At Dover the crowds cheered as OneTwoThree made it through the finishing flags.

But do you know why UnDeuxTrois lost the race?


Because Priti Patel turned UnDeuxTrois around in the middle of the channel and sent the cat back to where it came from."
"What's the difference between a hog and a pig?" "A hog is a powerful American made motorcycle... a pig is a uniformed policeman who often rides them."
"Ma'am we finally found your daughter" "We found her corpse in a lake. Lol"
"My girlfriend was furious with me when i told her i put ginger in her favourite curry.." "She really loved that cat."
"My grandma hates her new stairlift..." "She says it drives up the wall."
"A Great Gambler" "The IRS tax agents decide to audit an elderly man, and summon him to the IRS office. The IRS auditor was not surprised when the old man showed up with his attorney.

The auditor said, ""Well, sir, you have an extravagant lifestyle and no full-time employment, which you explain by saying that you win money gambling. I’m not sure the IRS finds that believable.""

""I’m a great gambler, and I can prove it,"" says the elderly guy. ""How about a demonstration?"" The auditor thinks for a moment and says, ""Alright.""

The old guy says, ""I’ll bet you a thousand dollars that I can bite my own eye."" The auditor thinks a moment and says, ""It’s a bet."" The elderly guy removes his glass eye and bites it. The auditor’s jaw drops. The old guy then says, ""Now, I’ll bet you two thousand dollars that I can bite my other eye.""

The auditor can tell he isn’t blind, so he takes the bet. The elderly guy removes his dentures and bites his good eye. The stunned auditor now realizes he has wagered and lost three grand, with his attorney as a witness. He starts to get nervous. ""Want to go double or nothing?"" the elderly person asks ""I’ll bet you six thousand dollars that I can stand on one side of your desk, and pee into that wastebasket on the other side, and never get a drop anywhere in between."" The auditor, twice burned, is cautious now, but he looks carefully and decides there’s no way this old guy could possibly manage that stunt, so he agrees again.

The old guy stands beside the desk and unzips his pants, but although he strains mightily, he can’t make the stream reach the wastebasket on the other side, so he pretty much urinates all over the auditor’s desk.

The auditor leaps with joy, realizing that he has just turned a major loss into a huge win.

But the elderly guy's attorney moans and puts his head in his hands. ""Are you okay?"" the auditor asks. ""Not really,"" says the attorney. ""This morning, when He told me he’d been summoned for an audit, he bet me twenty-five thousand dollars that he could come in here and piss all over your desk and that you’d be happy about it"""
"Why did Lucifer smoke a bowl of weed?" "He wanted to be like the most high."
"A man walks into a bar" "A dyslexic man walks into a bra."
"Recently I have become addicted to placebo pills" "I could stop at any time but it wouldn’t make a difference"
"I make a six-figure salary" "For example, my salary last year was $1,549.47."
"I hear Gal Gadot had a full set of clothes made for Wonder Woman." "That sounds like a total waste; all she ever needed was the Wonderbra."
"Due to the lack of space, the city morgue and the comedy club will be in the same building" "This Friday is open Mike night."
"Well, there was this tiger who woke up one morning, and just felt great" "(yes, just like Tony the Tiger: GREAAAAAAT). 

Anyway, he just felt so good, he went out and cornered a small monkey and roared at him: ""WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?""  
And this poor quaking little monkey replied: ""You are of course, no one is mightier than you.""

A little while later this tiger confronts a deer, and just bellows out: ""WHO IS THE GREATEST AND STRONGEST OF ALL THE JUNGLE ANIMALS?""  
The deer is shaking so hard it can barely speak, but manages to stammer: ""Oh great tiger, you are by far the mightiest animal in the jungle.""

The tiger, being on a roll, swaggered, up to an elephant that was quietly munching on some weeds, and roared at the top of his voice: ""WHO IS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL THE ANIMALS IN THE JUNGLE?""   
Well, this elephant grabs the tiger with his trunk, picks him up, slams him down; picks him up again, and shakes him until the tiger is just a blur of orange and black; and finally throws him violently into a nearby tree. 

The tiger staggers to his feet, looks at the elephant and says: ""Man, you don't have to get so pissed, just because you don't know the answer!"""
"I know everything!!!!" "**Son- "" Mom, I know everything and I am going to tell dad""**

**Mom- ""Plz plz don't tell your dad""**

**Mom- "" Her 50$, promise me that you will keep your mouth shut""**

*Hour later...*  

**Son- ""Dad, I know everything and I am going to tell mom""**

**Dad- ""Plz plz don't tell to your mom""**

**Dad- ""Here 60$, promise me you will keep your mouth shut""**

*More hours later... deliveryman comes, he tries to trick him*

**Son- ""Deliveryman, I know everything and I--""**

**Deliveryman- ""So your mom told you everything that I am your father, come here son""**

**Son- ""Wait What!!!"" (** *Now he knew his life is fucked up:) )*"
"I have a vaccination joke…" "… but some of you won’t get it."
"Why do people keep on making jokes about the twin towers?" "Because they go down so well"
"What do you call a farm that makes bad jokes?" Corny.
"There are 10 types of people in the world" "Those who understand binary numbers and those whom don't"
"It's said that guys with big feet have big penises, and guys with big cars have small penises" "Now I understand why so many people are afraid pf clowns"
"They say sitting through a bad PowerPoint presentation reduces your lifespan by 30 minutes" "Going by that metric, I've been dead since 1909."
"A guy went to a party and after greeting the host, commented on the long line of people waiting to pick up drinks at the bar." "“Bit of a traffic jam, it seems. Do you need another hand behind the bar?”

“No, thank you,” replied the host, “it’s not the help; it’s the orders. Everyone wants fresh-squeezed juices. They take forever.”

“Juice? Not wine, beer, or punch?” 

“Nope; juice,” said the host. “It’s so backed up that nobody’s sitting for dessert. I’ve having servers bring pie to people while they wait in line instead. Speaking of, what can I get you? Blueberry? Apple? Strawberry-Rhubarb?”

“Oh, no, I'm fine, thanks.”

“It’s no trouble at all!” continued the host, “Lemon meringue? Banana cream? French Silk? Pecan? Raspberry? Blackberry? Peach? Key Lime!”

At last the guest asked, “You’ve all these pies to offer but…”

“But what?” asked the host. 

“It’s just, I noticed it’s your cake day. I was kind of anticipating a cake punchline.”

“Ah, well, too many people see those coming these days. That’s why I switched over to a pie juiceline.”"
"Rick Astley and James Blunt are in a bar having a pint" "And they are talking about all the celebrities they knew :-

Rick Astley said ""I met Yoko Ono in Soho once"" but James had never met her before 

James mentioned he was good friends with Carrie Fisher, unfortunately Rick had never met her 

Rick Mentioned once  going to dinner with Prince, but James blunt had never met him in his lifetime 


James mentioned meeting Courtney love in a bar and Rick was overjoyed and replied

"" I've met her as well! You know what this means James?""

James asks ""what does it mean""

Rick Replied ""We're No Strangers to love..."""
"Having a big nose is not an excuse for not wearing a mask." "I still have to wear underwear."
"One of my favorites" "There's 2 tampons walking down the street why dont they talk to each other?"
"American conservatives are pretty homophobic" "for people so proud of their four fathers"
"Are you a deceased relative of Ed Sheeran whose ended up in heaven?" "Because I would like to take you home."
"Heard on the Underground" "
A list of actual announcements that London Tube train drivers have made to their passengers...
1) ""Ladies and Gentlemen, I do apologize for the delay to your service. I know you're all dying to get home, unless, of course, you happen to be married to my ex-wife, in which case you'll want to cross over to the Westbound and go in the opposite direction.""
2) ""Your delay this evening is caused by the line controller suffering from E &amp; B syndrome: not knowing his elbow from his backside. I'll let you know any further information as soon as I'm given any."" 
3) ""Do you want the good news first or the bad news? The good news is that last Friday was my birthday and I hit the town and had a great time. The bad news is that there is a points failure somewhere between Stratford and East Ham, which means we probably won't reach our destination.""
4) ""Ladies and gentlemen, we apologize for the delay, but there is a security alert at Victoria station and we are therefore stuck here for the foreseeable future, so let's take our minds off it and pass some time together. All together now.... 'Ten green bottles, hanging on a wall.....'.""
5) ""We are now travelling through  Baker Street ... As you can see,  Baker Street  is closed. It would have been nice if they had actually told me, so I could tell you earlier, but no, they don't think about things like that"".
6) ""Beggars are operating on this train. Please do NOT encourage these professional beggars. If you have any spare change, please give it to a registered charity. Failing that, give it to me.""
7) During an extremely hot rush hour on the Central Line, the driver announced in a West Indian drawl: ""Step right this way for the sauna, ladies and gentleman... unfortunately, towels are not provided."" 
😎 ""Let the passengers off the train FIRST!"" (Pause ) ""Oh go on then, stuff yourselves in like sardines, see if I care - I'm going home...."" 
9) ""Please allow the doors to close. Try not to confuse this with 'Please hold the doors open.' The two are distinct and separate instructions.""
10) ""Please note that the beeping noise coming from the doors means that the doors are about to close. It does not mean throw yourself or your bags into the doors."" 
11) ""We can't move off because some idiot has their hand stuck in the door.""
12) ""To the gentleman wearing the long grey coat trying to get on the second carriage -- what part of 'stand clear of the doors' don't you understand?""
13) ""Please move all baggage away from the doors."" (Pause..) ""Please move  ALL  belongings away from the doors."" (Pause...) ""This is a personal message to the man in the brown suit wearing glasses at the rear of the train: Put the pie down, Four-eyes, and move your bloody golf clubs away from the door before I come down there and shove them up your arse sideways!""
14) ""May I remind all passengers that there is strictly no smoking allowed on any part of the Underground. However, if you are smoking a joint, it's only fair that you pass it round the rest of the carriage."""
"How many Arabs does it take to change a light bulb?" "None. They sit in the dark and blame it on the Jews"
"What do women and washing machines have in common?" "They both leak when they're fucked."
"Why is Oogie Boogie like a can of raid?" "They're both multi insect killers !


(Nightmare before Christmas)"
"A cowboy finds himself captured by a tribe of Native Americans…" "(Oldie, but goodie joke here)…

Anywhooo, the Natives tell the cowboy since he is their enemy they must put him to death.   But, as is their custom, they won’t do so until he has spent 3 nights in their camp and each night, they shall grant him a wish.

As the first day, he says “I wish to speak to my horse again”.   They say fine and he goes and whispers something to the horse.   The horse takes off running.   A few hours later, the horse returns with a beautiful naked blonde woman.   The cowboy takes the woman into the woods and makes love to her all night.

The 2nd day, he says “I wish to speak to my horse.”  They say fine and he goes and whispers something to the horse.  The horse takes off running.  A few hours later, the horse returns with a beautiful naked brunette woman.  The cowboy takes the woman into the woods and makes love to her all night.

The 3rd day, the Native’s tell him… “this is your last night alive, choose your wish wisely”
He replies…”Okay, I’d like to speak to my horse again.”

He goes over to his horse, but he is so fired up, he can’t whisper anymore and he screams at his horse “Damn it….I’m saying Posse!!!!!”"
"What has 4 legs on one arm?" "A pit bull on the playground."
"What to do with a sick chemist?" "If you can't Helium, and you cant Curium, then you may as well Barium."
"What is the difference between an American and a computer ?" "Americans don't have trouble shooting"
"They released a new drug that reverses lesbianism" "It's called tricoxagin."
"How do you keep a fool waiting?" "I’ll tell you tomorrow."
"I was going to make a nun costume for Halloween, but now I'm hesitant..." "They say it's habit forming."
"Lady Gaga recently had a child." "Lady GooGoo."
"The barman says “We don’t serve time travellers in here”." "A time traveller walks into a bar."
"What’s 9+10?" 21
"What did the skimmed milk say to the cream?" "You can make me whole again"
"They say masterbation is murder?" "I'm the grim reaper then"
"I gave a paraplegic Asian a pan as a brithday present" """I told him now he can Wok."""
"Earring no tales" "Im on my lunch break at work and I notice a co-worker stroll in the lunch room so I offer him a seat. Were talking about the Dallas game, when I notice an earring in his right ear. No big deal, but this guy is pretty conservative with his work attire, so I felt obliged to ask him about his new accessory. 
--""It's no big deal, my man. Just one of those things.' --
Ok, no big deal, but still it's unlike him and I hadn't noticed it before. So, knowing him for awhile I press it a little and mention well I haven't noticed it before when did you have it pierced? 
--""It's been pierced since my wife found it in my truck Tuesday morning."""
"I smelled her pussy" "..and concluded it was a catfish."
"What’s an electrician’s favorite store?" "The electrical outlet!"
"It's hard work robbing bakeries." "No pain, no gain."
"I scared the postman today by going to the door completely naked" "I'm not sure what scared him more, my bare body or the fact that I knew where he lived"
"What did the Zombie say to the Jock Bullying the Nerd?" "Don't Touch my Food!"
"Why didn't the bank robbers steal the car?" "Because it was too heavy and made their arms hurt."
"Karl Marx hated snow days." "It meant class was cancelled."
"I put some numbing cream on before the dentist." "So when he said ""Your teeth are absolutely atrocious"" I was barely even fazed"
"My friend asked me to describe myself in 3 words..." Lazy
"Covid spreads really fast these days" "Almost as fast as your mother's legs when she sees me."
"What do you get if you write Linux onto a CD?" "Zero!

 (because you get the image of the kernel)"
"“I am not a.....”" "One day, Ann told her husband that the sink is clogged. Her husband John said “I am not a plumber, I can’t fix it.” 
Then, Ann told John that the computer is virus infected and wants him to fix it. John said “I am not a technician, I can’t fix it.” Then, John went to work. 

In the afternoon, John came home from work. He realised that the computer is fixed and the sink is unclogged. He ask Ann if she did hire someone to fix them. 

Ann: “There is a new guy moving into our neighbourhood, I spoke to him awhile. I told him about it. But he ask me to pay him back with a cake or to sleep with him”

John: “So what flavour you baked?”

Ann: “I am not a baker.”"
"What's the alternative name for Fake Taxi??" "Screw Driver"
"It's my cake day and I don't know any new jokes so. Here are some old jokes I use to love as a kid" "1. What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back?
Answer = A stick.

2. What does a cloud wear under his raincoat?
Answer = Thunderwear.

3. Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other?
Answer = Dill with it.

4. What time is it when the clock strikes 13?
Answer = Time to get a new clock.

5. How does a cucumber become a pickle?
Answer = It goes through a jarring experience.


6. What did one toilet say to the other?
Answer = You look a bit flushed.

7. What do you think of that new diner on the moon?
Answer = Food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.

8. Why did the dinosaur cross the road?
Answer = Because the chicken wasn’t born yet.

9. Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon?
Answer = Because she will “let it go, let it go.”

10. What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?
Answer = A tuba toothpaste.

11. Why did the kid bring a ladder to school?
Answer = Because she wanted to go to high school.

12. What do you call a dog magician?
Answer = A  labracadabrador.

13. Where would you find an elephant?
Answer = The same place you lost her.


14. How do you get a squirrel to like you?
Answer = Act like a nut.

15. What do you call two birds in love?
Answer = Tweethearts

16. How does a scientist freshen her breath?
Answer = With experi-mints.

17. How are false teeth like stars?
Answer = They come out at night.

18. What building in your town has the most stories?
Answer = The public library.

19. What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple?
Answer =  Finding half a worm.

20. What is a computer’s favorite snack?
Answer =  Computer chips."
"It's my cake day and I don't know any new jokes so here some old jokes" "1. What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back?
Answer = A stick.

2. What does a cloud wear under his raincoat?
Answer = Thunderwear.

3. Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other?
Answer = Dill with it.

4. What time is it when the clock strikes 13?
Answer = Time to get a new clock.

5. How does a cucumber become a pickle?
Answer = It goes through a jarring experience.


6. What did one toilet say to the other?
Answer = You look a bit flushed.

7. What do you think of that new diner on the moon?
Answer = Food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.

8. Why did the dinosaur cross the road?
Answer = Because the chicken wasn’t born yet.

9. Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon?
Answer = Because she will “let it go, let it go.”

10. What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?
Answer = A tuba toothpaste.

11. Why did the kid bring a ladder to school?
Answer = Because she wanted to go to high school.

12. What do you call a dog magician?
Answer = A  labracadabrador.

13. Where would you find an elephant?
Answer = The same place you lost her.


14. How do you get a squirrel to like you?
Answer = Act like a nut.

15. What do you call two birds in love?
Answer = Tweethearts

16. How does a scientist freshen her breath?
Answer = With experi-mints.

17. How are false teeth like stars?
Answer = They come out at night.

18. What building in your town has the most stories?
Answer = The public library.

19. What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple?
Answer =  Finding half a worm.

20. What is a computer’s favorite snack?
Answer =  Computer chips."
"Do you know how I know you’re gay?" "Your dick tasted like shit when I sucked it last night."
"The doctor was doing the prostate exam on me" "But I found his hands on my shoulders..."
"Q: Why did Anakin Skywalker cross the road?" "

A: To get to the Dark Side."
"Q: And why can’t you count on Yoda to pick up the tab?" "Q: And why can’t you count on him to pick up the tab?

A: Because he’s always a little short."
"Q: Which program do Jedi use to open PDF files?" "

A: Adobe Wan Kenobi."
"The Mint Contest" "John runs a candy shop, selling mints of all kinds. Business was good, until Covid hit.

John realized he’ll have to shut down the store and risk losing his business, unless he could figure out a way to advertise and sell his confections on the Internet. His nephew suggested running a contest on Reddit with the winner getting a $100 cash prize. 

“What do I gain by running a contest and handing over some stranger $100?” John asked.

“I'll explain. What are your newest mints?”

“I’ve recently come up with 5 new savory ones. A bacon-flavored mint with smoked ham and onions, a Peking duck-flavored mint with duck and scallions, a seafood-flavored mint with lobster and lime, a schnitzel-flavored mint with chicken and thyme, and lastly a steak-flavored mint with Wagyu beef and artichokes.”

“There’s your answer, Uncle John. Package the mints mentioning only the main ingredient, while keeping the herbs/veggies secret. Announce the contest stating participants can buy a $20 Farm pack, that comes with Pig, Cow, Duck, Chicken, and Lobster mints. Everyone who can guess the mint with onions or say, thyme, wins $100. Assuming 1 in 5 wins, you’ve still broken even, while gaining new customers!”

Excited at the prospect of orders pouring in from all over the country, John went ahead with the plan. 

A month later, John had to shut down his business. His online contest was popular beyond his expectations, but it had done him in. He announced the contest stating anyone who can identify the mint containing artichokes would win $100. He didn’t realize until it was too late.. 

Everyone on Reddit knew that the real 'chokes are always in the cow mints."
"While mom was pregnant, the doctor told her I had a rare disorder that would either cause death during development, or" "I’d forget to spaces where it counts. Luckily I was stillborn"
"King Pharaoh: I have a great business opportunity for you..." "Israelites: Umm, is this not a pyramid scheme?"
"My ex-girlfriend says I’m like a broken clock" "I’m a useless piece of garbage and my hands don’t even slowly circle my face."
"What do a bad baker and most male deer have in common?" "They struggle to make a donut"
"My wife said we need to sit down and talk about our future, and I was like 'Yeah gonna be awesome! Flying Cars, Colonies on Mars!, Self fixing robots it's gonna be amazing!!'" "Not what she meant, am now single."
"Did you hear the one about the british guy explaining Vampirism?" """It's a bloody mlm!"""
"Why don't Jews eat pussy?" "Because it's too close to the gas chamber."
"People who type possessive pronouns where they are not supposed to be, for example, ""his"" instead of ""he's,""" "your doing it wrong."
"Why was ten scared of seven?" "Because seven ate nine."
"Of all the opponents he might face next Election Day, which one is Joe Biden most apprehensive of?" "A strong breeze."
"My girlfriend hates it when I don't eat her favorite food..." "... and she always gets Jellos."
"A poem, with a title at the end" "Darkness, silence, cool serene morning
Daybreak not yet piercing the shades
Crackling, popping, cut through the nothing
Shoulders tense, poised for responding
Electricity in fibers, pushing up against gravity
Hands sinking inward, but head rising lightly
Head tossed sideways and eyes aglow
Awoke by her own horn
Together laughter flow



Morning Toot"
"Why is a biplane so unpredictable to fly?" "Because it swings both ways!"
"Tom Hanks was recently quoted talking about how much he disliked one of Stephen King's novels." "T. Hanks: I hate It."
"Why is a biplane so hard to fly?" [deleted]
"How did Hitler tie his shoes?" "With little nazis"
"When you know from that very first moment of meeting someone…" "That you want to spend the rest of your life without them…"
"What do you call a Nazi sea animal?" "Adolphin Hitler"
"What walks into an alley with 6 legs and walks out with 2?" " ""What walks into an alley with 6 legs and walks out with 2?"" 

""What?"" 

""The Wayne Family"""
"How does the Joker keep track of his doctor appointments?" "Health Ledger"
"A hobbit walks into a hospital room." "His grandfather was on his deathbed. After talking to him, he laid down and closed his eyes. He slowly got an erection. Everyone in the room was slightly confused. Sensing the tension in the room, he whispered something in his grandson's ear and died. When others asked him what it was, he replied ""OLD HOBBITS DIE HARD""."
"Pregnant horses would be excellent in a race" "They have twice the horsepower"
"What does Alexa like to eat for breakfast?" Siri-al.
"Ending a relationship...." "A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. ""I just ended a five-year relationship,"" he confides to the bartender. ""Hey, I'm sorry to hear that. Have this drink on the house,"" the bartender says. ""Oh, no reason to be upset,"" the guy replies. ""It wasn't my relationship."""
"“Son, In Iraq I killed 15 people.”" "Son: Dad you were a helicopter mechanic

Dad: Never said I was a good one"
"Jim and Joe are sitting at a bar drinking and jim asks where is John? Joe says John is missing . What happened asks Jim . Well joe says" "John forgot his wedding anniversary again and his wife flew into a fit of rage walked out to the driveway pointed to the ground and said I want a present that goes from 0 to 200 really fast and I want it here. Fine says Jim but that doesn't explain where John is well continued Joe they next morning his wife woke up walked out side and saw a big box with a ribbon she opened it and saw a new set of bathroom scales and John hasn't been seen since"
"I have been trying to get a job as a plumber." "The finals week has arrived and we have been flooded with work.
THE PROFFESOR HAS BEEN A TOTAL WRENCH AND REFUSED TO HELP, AND THIS WHOLE THING SEEMS MORE LIKE A PIPE DREAM!!!
*sobbing*
I need to cool it with the waterworks."
"I’m unhappy with prime day" "Amazon Prime day is on the 21st. I personally would not partake of Prime day unless it were on the 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 11th, 13th, 17th, 19th, 23rd, 29th, or 31st"
"While in China, an American man is sexually promiscuous and does not use a condom the entire time he is there." "A week after arriving back home in the States, he wakes one morning to find his penis covered with bright green and purple spots. Horrified, he immediately goes to see a doctor.

The doctor, never having seen anything like this before, orders some tests and tells the man to return in two days for the results. After two days, the doctor tells him, “I’ve got bad news for you, you have contracted Mongolian VD. It’s very rare and almost unheard of here in the US. We know very little about it.""

The man perplexed asks, ""Well, can’t you give me a shot or something to fix me up, Doc?""

The doctor answers, ""I’m sorry, there's no known cure. We are going to have to amputate your penis.""

The man screams in horror,  ""Absolutely not !! I want a second opinion... !!!""

The doctor replies, ""Well, it’s your choice. Go ahead, if you want, but surgery is your only option.”

The next day, the man seeks out a Chinese doctor, figuring that he’ll know more about the disease. The Chinese doctor examines his penis and proclaims, ""Ahh... yes, Mongolian VD. Very rare disease.""

The guy says to the doctor, ""Yeah, yeah, I already know that, but what can we do? My American doctor wants to cut off my penis!""

The Chinese doctor shakes his head and laughs, ""Stupid Amelican docttah, always want operate, make more money that way. No need amputate!""

""Oh, thank God!” the man exclaims.

""Yes,” says the Chinese doctor. ""Wait two weeks. Fall off by itself."""
"I've just remarked to my significant other how thinner they look with a bit of beard growth." "But it didn't seem to cheer her up much."
"What does a heavy metal band have in common with a thief" "They can STEEL"
"DAD jokes" "One night father and son were walking back home on an empty dark alley when they spot an prostitute on side of the road counting her money.

Son-""whose that daddy?""

Dad-""it's the thot that counts"""
"When deciding what to name Canada, the founders put all the letters of the alphabet into a hat and picked." "C! Eh.
N! Eh.
D! Eh."
"Fathers are like boomerangs" "I hope…"
"How many Mexicans can you fit in the trunk of a BMW?" "I need the answer asap. I am about to cross the border."
"Hit medley" "I am no native English, so probably there is some lost in translation.

This is an old Russian joke that my five-year-old who survived WWII just made up.

The pope is traveling Australia. At a gas station, the owner, yells ""check, mate"" - his horse mayo neighs and the pope falls on his head. He walks into a German bar, where his request for transport is denied by ""9"". Asking for relief of his headache, the bartender replies that he always gets relief from fucking his girlfriend. One week later they meet again and the bartender asks if the pope is better. The proper answers ""yes, and I did not know that your girlfriend has such a tight pussy."""
"After retirement, Bob aged 65 married a young 25 year old woman.." "Now he was spending less time with his friends. His concerned friends enquired if there was a problem.

 “I'm eager to meet you all, but my young wife gets lonely when I'm away.”

His friends advised him : Keep a young lodger at home, your wife will be happy in the company of a younger person. 

Bob promptly acted on their advise and leased a room in his big house to a young tenant. 

Now the friends were meeting more often. One day the friends jokingly asked, :  “How is your wife now?”

Bob : ""She is not lonely at all, in fact she is happy and she is pregnant""

The friends laughed, as they expected this. “And how is the tenant?” they asked.

Bon replied very soberly “She is also pregnant.,.”

*Never underestimate  a Senior Citizen*"
"Run Grandpa run!" " On the outskirts of a small town, there was a big, old pecan tree just inside the cemetery fence.  
 One day, two boys filled up a bucketful of nuts and sat down by the tree, out of sight, and began dividing the nuts.  
 “One for you, one for me, one for you, one for me,” said one boy. Several dropped and rolled down toward the fence.  
 Another boy came riding along the road on his bicycle.  
 As he passed, he thought he heard voices from inside the cemetery. He slowed down to investigate.  
 Sure enough, he heard, “One for you, one for me, one for you, one for me ….”  
 He just knew what it was. He jumped back on his bike and rode off.  
 Just around the bend, he met an old man with a cane, hobbling along.  
 “Come here quick,” said the boy, “you won’t believe what I heard! Satan  and the Lord are down at the cemetery dividing up the souls!”  
 The man said, “Beat it, kid, can’t you see it’s hard for me to walk.”  When the boy insisted though, the man hobbled slowly to the cemetery.  
 Standing by the fence they heard, “One for you, one for me. One for you, one for me.”  
 The old man whispered, “Boy, you’ve been telling me the truth. Let’s see if we can see the Lord…?”  
 Shaking with fear, they peered through the fence, yet were still unable to see anything.  
 The old man and the boy gripped the wrought iron bars of the fence  tighter and tighter as they tried to get a glimpse of the Lord.  
 At last, they heard, “One for you, one for me. That’s all. Now let’s go get those nuts by the fence and we’ll be done….”  
 They say the old man had the lead for a good half-mile before the kid on the bike passed him."
"An Imam and a Priest enter a bar" "They sit down and the bartender asks them if they want beer,  
They say no.  


Then the bartender asks them if they want vodka,  
They say no.  


Finally the bartender asks them if juice would be fine,  
The Imam spits at the floor and the priest starts praying.  


The bartender is startled and asks them why.  


Both of them say they hate jews."
"Where do you get more lard from?" "The larder."
"If Morgz were a part of a printer, what would he be?" "The copier."
"You know what is wrong with pollution ?" "It became a second nature !"
"Best YO MAMA JOKE ACCORDING TO ME" "yo mama is so stupid that she  went for an archery contest and aimed for the ground and missed"
"Just had to stop for a donkey crossing the road." " Cool thing was he looked both ways before he crossed.

What a smart ass."
"I just got into a spitting in the mouth fetish but when searched it I missed the second Key" "I now have TWO fetishes"
"One day Tom went to school. Tom had really long hair and he sat down on his chair." "His friend sat behind him and he whispered to him: ""Has your hairdresser died?"""
"I asked my German host if I could get milk into my darjeeling" "He replied ""49""."
"A man gets on a bus, and ends up sitting next to a very attractive nun." "Enamored with her, he asks if he can have sex with her. Naturally, she says no, and gets off the bus. The man goes to the bus driver and asks him if he knows of a way for him to have sex with the nun.

“Well,” says the bus driver, “every night at 8 o’clock, she goes to the cemetery to pray. If you dress up as God, I’m sure you could convince her to have sex with you.”

The man decides to try it, and dresses up in his best God costume. At eight, he sees the nun and appears before her.

“Oh, God!” she exclaims. “Take me with you!” The man tells the nun that she must first have sex with him to prove her loyalty. The nun says yes, but tells him she prefers anal sex. Before you know it, they’re getting down to it, having nasty, grunty, loud sex. After it’s over, the man pulls off his God disguise.

“Ha, ha! I’m the man from the bus!”

“Ha, ha!” says the nun, removing her costume. “I’m the bus driver!”"
"Do you know why they call me the one-eyed bandit?" "Because I am a dick"
"Do you know why they call me the one-eyes bandit?" "Because I am a dick."
"Napoleon Dynamite gets hot in tight spaces" "Cause he got Canned Heat"
"Would you rather?" "Have An Orgasm Ever Time You Sneeze OR Fart Every Time Afer Having Sex?"
"What word starts with N, ends with R and is associated with a race?" NASCAR
"What do the Danish do when confronted with consequences?" "Cope and Häagen-Dazs"
"What did the left eye say to the right eye?" "Between us, something smells!"
"What do you call someone who gets turned on by their own genitals?" "A narcissist."
"Invention of new word" "Just invented a new word! it is called plagiarism."
"Who founded the Ying Yang Twins?" "Biggie Smalls"
"Step son" "After a few months of dating, an anosmic man moves in with a single mother during a heatwave summer. Due to her later working hours it is decided that he will pick up her boy from school every day and take him home. The extra idea being that during this time they will get to know each other and bond.

A few weeks into this arrangement, the man realises that he doesn't like his new step son at all. In fact, he finds the kid damn right irritating. The child is always asking stupid questions and creating a mess and misplacing things. 

He realised pretty soon the thieving bastard was taking his chocolate bars from the kitchen cupboard and hiding them under the sofa for himself, but he'd eat half of it and leave the other to melt in the living room and make a mark on the carpet.

The man begins to develop fantasies about hurting the boy, and one day the temptation becomes too strong.

However, he doesn't want to create anything noticeable like a bruise, nothing he could get in trouble with the boy's mother for, so he resorts to psychological tactics.

He begins by grimacing at the boy from across the table, figures it will confuse and scare him. He stares blankly doing his Jack Torrence from The Shining impression and then starts tapping on the kitchen table erratically. Sure enough the kid looks unsettled and asks him to stop but the man doesn't answer. When the boy asks to leave the table, the man smiles like a warped jester and shakes his head.

Several months pass with the same thing happening after school every day. As soon as the boy gets through the front door he is ushered to the kitchen table and the psychological torture begins.

During this table time the man would use the opportunity to eat some of his salvaged melted chocolate bars from the freezer, and when he did so he leant his head in closer and stared at the boy as he brought the food to his lips, then he'd shove the entire thing into his mouth and lick the wrapper clean.

It was only a matter of time until the mother figured out what was going on. ""You're a sack of shit."" She told him, walking out of the door with her boy.

During a text message exchange a day later, the man tried to redeem himself by bringing up some of the annoying things the kid would do to wind him up, like hiding the chocolate bars.

""You should have told me about that. James sometimes hides his poos from me, he's done it for years."" She replied.

In total outrage he typed that he'd been eating those melted chocolate bars for months.

""WOW you really are a sack of shit then haha."" She texted back."
"Did you hear the one about the guy who lost like half his body?" "The doctors says he's all right, but the nurses say there's not much left of him."
"What does a Polish bride receive on her wedding night that’s long and hard?" "A new last name"
"Tennis in the rain" "Why don’t tennis players play in the rain?

BC the fuzz on their balls gets all wet."
"What's the difference between Lay's and the Pfizer vaccine?" "The Pfizer vaccine has at least one chip in it."
"I call my horse Mayo," "Sometimes Mayo neighs."
"With Cisco leaving, Barry Allen will have to retire." "Seems no one is supporting Flash anymore."
"Old Bert is 90.." "...and the doctor makes a visit.

""So, any ailments, Bert?""

""Not really, Doctor. I'm bit slow, but everything works.""

""Really?"" says the doctor. ""Nothing at all?""

""Well..."" says Bert. ""My neck has gotten a bit stiff over the years, but once I get the rocking chair going, I can get the whisky shots down just fine."""
"What do you call a 100cm long steak?" "A meater."
"Definitions in construction" "*Tender submission* - A game of poker in which the losing hand wins
*Tender sum* -  A wild guess carried out to two decimal places
*Successful Tenderer* - A contractor wondering what they left out.
*Architect* - A person who knows very little about a great deal and keeps knowing less and less about more and more until they know practically nothing about everything.
*Consulting engineer* - A person who knows a great deal about very little and keeps knowing more and more about less and less until they know practically everything about nothing.
*Quantity surveyors* - People who go in after the war is lost and bayonet the wounded
*Lawyers* - Go in after the quantity surveyors and loot the bodies
*Cost plan estimate* - The cost of construction in heaven
*Management contract* - The technique for losing your shirt under perfect control.
*Completion date* - The time when liquidated damages starts.
*Liquidated damages* - The penalty for failing to achieve the impossible
*Sub-contractor* - A gambler who never gets to cut the deck or deal
*Contractor* - A person who starts out knowing practically everything but ends up knowing nothing due to their association with Architects and consulting engineers."
"It's weird showing a joke to someone...." "Because if you aren't looking at them directly, you're just waiting for the sound cue of another person exhaling slightly harder than usual."
"3 pregnant ladies in a coffee shop" "So a blonde, a brunette and a redhead are sitting in a coffee shop talking about their pregnancies.

The brunette says to the other 2 that I heard if you have sex on top, your more likely to have a boy

The redhead say oh that must mean I’m likely to have a girl

There was a pause and then the blonde say Uh Oh imma be having puppies!"
"Why did German citizens during WW2 didn't try to stop their government's atrocities?" "They did not see."
"Why did German citizens during WW2 didn't object to their atrocities?" "They did not see."
"I invented a new word!" Plagiarisim
"A priest is out fishing on a lake with a member of his church." "Just when they were fixing to call it a day and reeling in the lines, the priest gets a bite. He finally gets the fish on the boat and his friend says, “Wow! What a beautiful son of a bitch.” 


The priest looks at the man shocked. The man explains, “No Father. That’s what the fish is called.” So the priest laughs. Back at the church the priest slams the fish on the kitchen counter next to a Nun and proclaims, “look at that son of a bitch.” 


The Nun is visibly shocked. So the priest explains that it’s the fishes name. So the Nun giggles. They both stood there and realized that the fish is much too big for the both of them to eat. So, they decide to call the Pope over for dinner. The Pope comes over, the fish was amazing. The priest leans back in his chair and says, “That son of a bitch was good.” The Nun also leaned backed and proclaimed, “Yes. That son of a bitch was really good.” 


The Pope looks at both of them relaxing a little more in his chair and says, “Hey, you fuckers are alright.”"
"A boy sees an alligator in the zoo and shouts ""Hey are you a caiman?""" """I'm alright, thanks kid"", he replies."
"Husband and wife" " Husband and Wife had a Fight.  
Wife called Mom: He fought with me again,  
I am coming to you.  
Mom: No Sun, he must pay for his mistake,  
I am coming to stay with you!"
"Funny Jokes" "  Manager: What is your qualification?  
Pappu: I’m Ph.D.  
Manager: What do you mean by Ph.D.?  
Pappu: Passed high school with difficulty."
"How to recycle a condom" "Grab it by the top and shake the fuck out of it"
"3 old woman sitting on a park bench..." "One woman says ""it's windy today, isn't it""
The second answers ""no, it's Thursday""
To which their friends replies ""oh me too, let's have a cup of tea"""
"I tried to kill a spider by spraying it with a whole can of White Rain hair spray" "But that didn't work, now it's wearing blue eye shadow and chain smoking Virginia Slims."
"[Serious] About how much does a decent chimney cost?" "Hopefully they’re on the house."
"You shouldn't make dad jokes if you're not actually a dad..." "It's a faux pas."
"What does ""moron"" mean?" "moron definition: 1. a very stupid person: 2. a very stupid person: 3. a stupid person. Learn more."
"How can you tell if a Redditor isn't a native English speaker?" "They'll inform you after three paragraphs of professional English."
"At a U2 concert in Belfast,Ireland" "Bono asked the audience for total silence. 

Then in the silence he started to clap his hands. Once every few seconds. 

Keeping the audience in silence he said into the microphone, “every time I clap my hands, a child in Africa dies.”

From the front of the crowd a broad Irish accent pierced the silence, “well, fooking stop doin it, yet evil bastard!”"
"Well, which one is it?" "Woman's husband begins acting strangely. So she takes him to the doctors for some testing. After a couple of hours the doc comes back and says ""Mrs Smith, we've been able to determine that your husband either has Covid-19 or Alzheimers"". Woman looks astonished and says to the doc, ""Geez doc that's a pretty wide diagnosis. Any way to narrow it down""? After a couple minutes of thinking the doc says, ""Okay, on your way home tonight, drop your husband off 2 blocks from the house, drive home and wait. If he makes it home, don't fuck him""."
"I once got my identity stolen" "But its ok!

They gave it right back to me."
"Dave is a good worker" "Dave is a good worker, social and nice, but he keeps missing all company events. Eventually, his boss calls him to his office demanding an explanation why Dave can't be a team player and come.
      ""I'm sorry Boss,"" said Dave, ""I'm just so busy with all the people I already know, sometimes it seems I know everyone there is to know. Anyone famous at least."" 
     ""What do you mean?!?"" asks the boss with derision. ""Who can you possibly know?"" 
     ""Name someone famous"", shrugged Dave, ""I'll bet you I know him."" 
     Amused, his boss called his bluff, ""OK, Dave, how about... Tom Cruise? You know Tom Cruise, Dave?"" he smirks. 
     ""Oh yeah boss, Tom and I are old friends, and I can prove it."" 
     So Dave and his boss fly out to Hollywood and knock on Tom Cruise 's door, and Tom shouts ""Dave, whats happening! Great to see you! Come on in for a beer!"" 
     Altough impressed, Dave' s boss is still skeptical. After they leave Tom's house, he tells Dave that he thinks him knowing Cruise was just lucky. 
    ""No no just name anyone else"" Dave says. 
    ""President Xavier"" his boss quickly retorts. 
    ""Yup, old buddies, let's fly out to Washington"", and off they go. 
    At the White House, Xavier spots Dave on the tour and motions him and his boss over, saying ""Dave, what a surprise, I was just on my way to a meeting, but you and your friend come on in, let's have a beer first and catch up."" 
   Well, the boss is very shaken by now but still not totally convinced. After they leave the White House grounds he expresses his doubts to Dave, who again implores him to name anyone else. 
  "" The Pope"" his boss replies.
  ""Sure, I've known the Pope for years."" So off they fly to Rome. 
   Dave and his boss are assembled with the masses at the Vatican's St. Peter's Square when Dave says ""This will never work. I can't catch the Pope's eye among all these people. Tell you what, I know all the guards so let me just go upstairs and I'll come out on the balcony with the Pope."" He disappears into the crowd headed towards the Vatican. 
   Sure enough, half an hour later Dave emerges with the Pope on the balcony, but by the time Dave returns, he finds that his boss has had a heart attack and is surrounded by paramedics. Making his way to his boss's side Dave asks him ""What happened?"" 
   His boss looks up and says ""It was the final straw... you and the Pope came out on to the balcony and the man next to me said 'Who the heck is that on the balcony with Dave?'"""
"Why birds don't make backflips?" "Because their wings can only flap."
"To those who use they/them" "They/ them: Yea it’s very valid
Me: Ohhhhh so basically u can say
“We are Venom”
They/ them: 😒"
"What type of online articles do bees read?" BuzzFeed
"I lost my job as a personal trainer recently, I’m just not strong enough." "So I put in my too weak notice."
"Last week I told a therapist that I was trying to overcome my fear of ghosts." "His answer left me scared since then.


""That's the spirit."""
"""Mercedes"" has 3 Es" "And each of them is pronounced in a different way!"
"Bono walks into a bar in Tijuana." "He has thirteen of his closest friends with him, and he offers to buy the first round. He walks up to the bartender and orders in Spanish. The bartender comes out a bit later and hands out all the beers.

Bono laughs and says, ""I love this place. Every time I come here, I order four drinks, and the bartender brings out fourteen!"""
"Thank You Feminism" "Being a big dick gold digger pays now. 😏"
"How do you mend a broken Jack-O'-lantern?" "With a pumpkin patch."
"According to England's goalkeeper, what is the most important in football : a good partner, or good focus?" "FOCUS. Because Jordan picks FORD."
"A barber walking on a beach finds a golden lump and decides to give it a rub." "A genie pops out, opens its mouth as though to speak, and then sees what the barber is holding.

""You can fuck right off,"" it says instead. ""I'm not falling for that Reddit post title shit again."""
"Saving a Christian." "Once I saw this guy on a bridge about to jump. I said, “Don’t do it!”

He said, “Nobody loves me.” I said, “God loves you. Do you believe in God?”

He said, “Yes.”

I said, “Are you a Christian or a Jew?”

He said, “A Christian.”

I said, “Me, too! Protestant or Catholic?”

He said, “Protestant.”

I said, “Me, too! What franchise?”

He said, “Baptist.”

I said, “Me, too! Northern Baptist or Southern Baptist?”

He said, “Northern Baptist.”

I said, “Me, too! Northern Conservative Baptist or Northern Liberal Baptist?”

He said, “Northern Conservative Baptist.”

I said, “Me, too! Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region, or Northern Conservative Baptist Eastern Region?”

He said, “Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region.”

I said, “Me, too! Northern Conservative†Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1879, or Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1912?”

He said, “Northern Conservative Baptist Great Lakes Region Council of 1912.”

I said, “Die, heretic!” And I pushed him over.

(credit:emo philips)"
"How much did it cost the pirate to get pierced?" "A buck an ear"
"An economist walks by a hundred dollar bill ..." "... on the sidewalk but decides not to pick it up, because if it were really there, someone would have picked it up already."
"What do you call it when someone is wearing socks and sandals?" Sandalism
"Do infants enjoy infancy..." "... as much as adults enjoy adultery?"
"Q: Did you hear about the blonde couple that were found frozen to death in their car at the drive-in movie theatre?" "A: They apparently went to see ""Closed For The Winter"""
"i went to therapy to cure my addiction of pokemon video games" "it wasn't very effective."
"Would anyone be interested in being my companion...?" "Asking for a friend..."
"Q: Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice bottle for 2 hours?" "A: Because it said 'concentrate'"
"I told my cat I'm going to teach him to speak English..." "He looked at me and said, ""Me? How""...."
"What do you call two birds stuck together.. ?" Velcrows...
"Did you know you can order eggs and chickens on Amazon?" "I'll let you know which comes first."
"My mom just dropped a huge box of tissue boxes in my room" "I don't understand if there was a great deal at the market or if she found the crusty rag."
"What do you call a Canadian squash?" Gourd.
"I went on a date with a lovely woman and we started talking about sex." """I'm quite inexperienced. Could you give me some advice on how I might make a woman orgasm?"" I asked.

She said, ""I suggest that you use two fingers instead of one.""

""Oh yeah?""

""Yeah,"" she added. ""It's a good way to tell the barman that I'd like a double shot."""
"Why did the chicken go to the toilet?" "Because that's where the cocks hang out."
"Where does a woman with one leg work?" "Answer in 1st comment."
"Today I thought I had a quarter in my shoe which didn’t make sense" "Turns out it was a nickel which made even less cents."
"I broke my French press today" "Bodum tss"
"A man meets his friend, and is shocked to see him wearing a bra." """How long have you been wearing that? He asked.

The friend replied
""Since my wife found it in the glove compartment."""
"A husband comes home to his wife after being fired from the pickle factory... His wife asks him ""So what happened?""" "The husband explains ""I often get bored at work and today my mind was wandering and I thought to myself 'what would happen if I stuck my penis inside the pickle slicer?'""

The wife is clearly blind-sided by this confession and doesn't know what to say next. Eventually she says to him ""That was an incredibly stupid and unsafe thing to do but at least you're all in one piece.""

The husband appreciates his wife's response and says ""I suppose you're right.""

To lighten the mood the wife asks cheerfully ""So what happened to the pickle slicer?""

The husband takes a moment and says ""Oh, she was fired too."""
"A lady walks into the pro shop to complain about bee stings" "A lady walks into the pro shop to complain about bee stings while she is golfing. 

The pro asks: “where’d you get stung?”

“Between the first and second hole”, she answers.

The pro replied: “your stance is too wide”."
"I started a club for men with erectile dysfunction" "It was a flop.
Nobody came."
"What committee is a Flat-Chested woman a member of?" "See my 1st comment for the answer."
"why is a corn dog" what
"“Trojan” isn’t a good name for a condom." "Didn’t the real Trojan horse burst and loads of little guys came pouring out of it?"
"When traveling India one of my hostel hosts invited me for his daughters wedding" "At the wedding I shortly got to talk to the bride and I commented her beautiful wedding dress. She said she was the 7th generation who got married in this dress and it was her great great great great grandmother who had the dress made for her wedding back in 1982."
"Why does government hate organised crime?" "They don't like competition"
"Charlie Sheen it for the win." "When you struggled with suicidal depression until you found a cure.

Your ex wife was your personal psychology mental health social worker.

She gets serviced, you get served and no one had to jump off a bridge."
"I remember reading a newspaper story about a guy who got sexually assaulted by a mole." "He got mole-ested"
"What's the difference between 'Completed' and 'Finished'?" "What's the difference between 'Completed' and 'Finished'?

No dictionary has been able to define the difference between 'Complete' and 'Finished'. But I am here to set the record straight.

When you marry the right woman, you are 'Complete'. If you marry the wrong woman, you are 'Finished'. And when the right woman catches you with the wrong woman, you are 'Completely Finished'"
"Why do Jews watch porn backwards?" "Their favourite part is seeing the hooker give the money back."
"I participated in a lung surgery earlier" "That was breathtaking"
"How do you call the area between shoulder and hand?" Punchline.
"What do you call someone you like to grope baby deer with both hands?" Bambidextrous.
"A woman found a hair in her coffee." "She told this to the waiter and asked for the manager. After a minute the manager came and asked her ""how can a hare fit in a cup?"". She pulled out the hair from her coffee and said ""see, H-A-I-R"". The confused manager told her that it's not a chair it's a human hair."
"Anybody ever heard of those Viagra pills?" "I heard they were sinking a crate of the stuff down to the Titanic to try and raise it."
"The full form of bs...." "You know I got into an argument with someone the other day he said bs means bullshit I said it means Biggie Smalls he seemed confused so I said now you know nigga"
"Have you seen the german Titanic, it came out right after the incident!" "Frau Rosenbusch asks Monsieur Jacq,
to draw her like one of his German occupied french girls,
.
Which is odd,
because the world war middle hadn't happened yet."
"""I want you tzu draw me like one of zour.." "..german occupied french girls"" said Frau Rosenbusch"
"Why did the Filipino cross the road?" "Because he wanted to go OBER DARE*

*Sound out phonetically. 

(Filipinos should get this 🤞)"
"What do you call your wife if she is your first cousin?" "Your fucking sister!"
"My wife loves Star Wars..." "Last night we watched all the Mandalorian, back to back! 

Luckily, I was the one facing the TV..."
"Why shouldn’t you take someone’s bra?" "Because they are boobytraps."
"Two old women were flashed out by a pervert………" "In shock, the first old woman had a stroke

And the second one couldn’t reach"
"Why would Train Mechanics be really good Philosophers?" "Because they're always dealing with a trolley problem"
"What is the difference between the US Army and US schools?" "They both get shot at but only the Army gets to shoot back"
"Busted axle" "The doc told a guy that masturbating before sex often helped men last longer during the act. 

The man decided, ""What the hell, I'll try it,"" He spent the rest of the day thinking about where to do it before he got home to his wife. He couldn't do it in his office. He thought about the restroom, but that was too open. He considered an alley, but figured that was too unsafe. 

Finally, he realized his solution. On his way home, he pulled his truck over on the side of the highway. He got out and crawled underneath as if he was examining the truck. Satisfied with the privacy, he undid his pants and started to play with his unit. He closed his eyes and thought of his lover. 

As he grew closer to the big finish, he felt a quick tug at the bottom of his pants. Not wanting to lose his mental fantasy or the orgasm, he kept his eyes shut and replied, ""What?"" He heard, ""This is the police. What's going on down there?"" 

The man replied, ""I'm checking out the rear axle, it's busted."" 

The cop replied, ""Well, you might as well check your brakes too while you're down there because your truck rolled down the hill 5 minutes ago."""
"Why don’t blind people go skydiving?" "Because it scares the hell out of their dogs."
"What do you call a constipated Voldemort?" "You No Poo."
"I just found out cock-fighting is done with roosters" "..That's a year of training down the drain."
"Mayonnaise's girlfriend suddenly walks into his room. He gets very angry and shouts at her." "Damn it babe, close the door. I'm dressing."
"What is a System of a Down member's favorite dessert?" "Banana banana banana banana terracotta banana terracotta terracotta pie


(Viscinity of Obscenity)"
"If we call mass shootings human sacrifices to the god of guns" "Tucker will insist shooters are protected by the First Amendment"
"The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was..." "Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi"
"Two gay cowboys spooning in a tent….." "One says “yup”

The other says “yep”"
"Two men walks into a bar , One orders H2O second one orders H2O too ." "Second one dies ."
"Words words words words words words words" PUNCHLINE!
"At a Chinese restaurant right now. My waiter must think all white people look alike because he just came out and gave our food to the wrong table." "Oh, never mind, that wasn’t our waiter."
"Do you know which month a sheep is born ?" "In maaay ."
"A blind man talking to a deaf man :" "-Good thing you can at least see!
At which the deaf man responds :"
"What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?" "The picture of Jesus only needs on nail to hang."
"Someone asked if I was shy on camera..." "I said nah... lol I just don't like my face"
"They currently think the person who ruined the Tour de France might have been German." "Well, she did try to take down a whole race..."
"What did the Republicans do when Obama won the election 2 times in a row?" "They pulled out their Trump card"
"What do you call a book club that's been stuck on one book for years?" Church
"I can’t wait to move out of this ducking ghetto." "... we have too many quack addicts out here."
"Knock knock!" "Who's there?

Ivan!

Ivan who?

I'van trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty."
"There was a cartographer that groped his coworker" "No sense of boundaries"
"How many women does it take to change a light bulb?" "Three. One to hold the bulb and one to change the bulb."
"Hunting gone wrong" "
Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He’s not breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls 911.

“I think my friend is dead!” he yells. “What can I do?”

The operator says, “Calm down. First, let’s make sure he’s dead.”

There’s a silence, then a shot. Back on the phone, the guy says, “OK, now what?”"
"""Hinting gone wrong""" "
Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He’s not breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls 911.

“I think my friend is dead!” he yells. “What can I do?”

The operator says, “Calm down. First, let’s make sure he’s dead.”

There’s a silence, then a shot. Back on the phone, the guy says, “OK, now what?”"
"A Blower" "A person went to Home Depot to return his electric blower.  

Employee: May I know the reason. 
Person: It blows."
"Do you kill puppies?" "Please copy and paste this to your status if you're constantly being asked to copy and paste things to your status by friends who copy and paste things to their statuses. Many people won't copy and paste this, but my truly sarcastic friends will copy and paste it because they're sarcastic by nature. If you don't copy and paste it, then this means you hate bacon. And if you hate bacon, the terrorists win. And a unicorn dies. Possibly puppies as well. And it will be all your fault."
"Lost my watch on the floor of a party" " Lost my watch at a party once. Saw a guy stepping on it while sexually harassing a girl. I walked up to the dude, punched him straight in the nose. No one does that to a girl... Not on my watch."
"Why did Anakin Skywalker fail as a lawyer?" "His arguments didn't have a leg to stand on."
"A therapy support group session." "A psychiatrist was conducting a therapy support group session with four young mothers and their small children. ""You all have obsessions,"" he stated.

To the first mother he said, ""You are obsessed with eating. You've even named your daughter Candy.

""He turned to the second mother and said, ""Your obsession is with money. Again, it manifests itself in your child's name, Penny .""

He looked to the third mother and observed, ""Your obsession is with alcohol. This too shows itself in your child's name, Brandy .""

At this point, the last mother quickly got up, took her little boy by the hand and whispered, ""Come on, Dick, this guy doesn't know what he's talking about. We have to pick up Peter and Willy at the Johnsons’ and go get dinner."""
"Prayers go out to those shaken by the earthquake.." "…that wiped out Etch-a-Sketchistan today."
"i told my psychiatrist I'm having suicidal thoughts" "he said i have to start paying him in advance from now on"
"Why do homeless people keep pets?" "Emergency rations.  


- My 16 year old son at dinner today. 🤣"
"Got pulled over driving the school bus.." "Cop charged me with having an insecure load."
"Conlang Convention" "A conlanger is headed to a convention for conlangs, and he realizes that he's lost but he looks around and see's the building. So he walks in and he finds the main speaker speaking a conlang along with everyone else joining in. So he speaks his own conlang and has a good time. And after the convention he walks up to the main speaker and says ""Good job on this, the conlang convention was really good this year. And the main speaker says. ""Conlang Convention?! Sir this is a Pentecostal Church..."""
"My friend Runit from Mumbai is going bald" "So he got a toupee. I said  “It looks silly. I know you’re not Punjabi or anything, but why not just wear a turban.”

He said, “Where would I even get one?”

I said “Sikh and you shall find.”"
"I was banging this hot chick on the kitchen table when I heard the door open." "So yeah, that's how I lost my job at KFC"
"A guy in a bar goes to talk to a pretty girl" """Hello"" he says, ""My name is John, John Snow"". The girl smiles at him and says: ""Oh hi! My name is Spring Simons"" The guy starts laughing and the girl obviously annoyed asks: ""What is so funny?""

\-""Nothing I just pictured 8 inches of snow in spring"""
"Born again?! No, I'm not." "Excuse me for getting it right the first time."
"We're not allowed to do anything to nature anymore, except look at it." "It's like porn with leaves!"
"i think my family is racist." "when i introduced them to my black girlfriend they all got angry for some reason

especially my wife"
"A wife asked the husband to fix the light bulb" "A wife asked the husband to fix the light bulb in the living room.
He said, ""Honey I'm not an electrician""

The next day she asked him to fix the faulty tap in the kitchen.
He said, ""Honey I'm not a plumber""

The next day she asked him to check the car since it just wouldn't start.
He said, ""Honey I'm not a mechanic""

The next day when her husband was home she said, ""Hey honey! The neighbour fixed the car. He said he'd do it if I either baked him a cake or had sex with him""
The husband goes, ""Oh what cake did you bake""
The wife without skipping a beat says, ""Honey I'm not a baker"""
"Why do carpenters sometimes switch hands to hammer nails?" "So that it feels like someone else is doing the work."
"Thug life" "What goes clop clop, bang bang, 
 clop clop.........drive by shotting in amish country"
"A Nun was taking a bath when there was a knock at the door. ""Who is it?"" She asked. The voice back replies ""It's the blind man, can I come in?"" The Nun thinks for a moment and says ""yes that's fine"". The door opens and the man says." "Nice tits, where you want me to hang the blinds?"
"Who was bigger….. Mr Bigger or Mr Bigger’s baby?" "The baby of course…..he was just a lil Bigger."
"Why did the golfer wear two pair of pants?" "In case he got a hole in one. (Dad here…reporting in)"
"I tried so hard, and got mixed up" "In the end, it matter doesn't eevee'eeen"
"Racist Bakers Shout..." "WHITE FLOUR"
"Do you know why they call a sexual urge a sex drive?" "Because the more times a woman pulls and pushes a man's stick shift it go's faster."
"Every day my roommate is always attending to pressing issues...." "He can iron from morning to night...."
"I remember when I was on trial for robbing a joke shop" "Prosecutor should've checked his chair before he sat down"
"What did the Spice Girl say when she messed up on her dance moves?" """Hey, I'm only Cumin!""

(I know! It great! Thought of that last night while making dinner!)"
"Why is poop tapered?" "So your butthole doesn’t slam shut"
"What is a ducks favourite drug?" Quack.
"My aunt named her son ""Shine""." "I didn't know why she gave him such an awkward name.

Until one day when I listened to her singing her son to sleep:

""You are my son, Shine,

My only sun, Shine..."""
"my girlfriend used to smoke after sex" "so we started using lube."
"A lady calls into a doctors office frantically to get an appointment, to talk about her son." "Mom: ""Hi, I was trying to get my son in to be seen today.""

Nurse: ""Ok, what seems to be the problem?""

Mom: ""Yeah, he is complaining that his palms are sweaty and his knees are weak and his arms are heavy.""

Nurse: ""ok""

Mom: "" And poor guy just puked. So now there's vomit on his sweater already.""

Nurse: ""Did he ingest something he shouldn't have?""

Mom: ""No, it looks like mom's spaghetti.""

Nurse: ""Any other concerns?""

Mom: ""Yeah, he's saying he is nervous but he looks calm to me.""

Mom turns to son and tries to talk to her son and get answers from him. Mom asks her son if  there is anything else he needs to say while she is on the phone with the nurse.

Nurse: ""Is you son saying anything?""

Mom then proceeds to talk to nurse on the phone. Mom: ""He's opening his mouth but not the words just not coming out.""

She freaks out as she sees her son is choking. After a while she gets back on the phone with the nurse. 

Mom: ""Okay, he is fine. It was just an M &amp; M """
"i had a one night stand with a really wild girl" "the next morning she made me french toast

she got her tongue caught in the toaster."
"Apparently Weird Al has an only fans account where he has rough sex with his wife." "If you want to look it up the account name is Weird Alspankabitch"
"One of Dad's Old Favorites (long)" "It was nearing the end of the Battle of the Bulge and supplies were running low on both sides.  This next battle would be the last.  A young soldier approached his Captain and exclaimed, ""Sir!  We've run out of guns.  I have nothing to take into battle with me.""  

The Captain reached into a gun cabinet and, though his hands came out empty, he moved like he was carrying a rifle.  ""This is our prototype Top Secret weapon, the invisible rifle.  It can't be seen (of course), weighs nothing, and never needs reloading.  To use it, point it at the enemy and say ""Bangity bang!""  If they come in close, it has a bayonet.  Jab it at the enemy and say ""Stabbity stab!"" With that, he handed seemingly nothing over to the soldier.

He joined his comrades thinking the Captain was having one last joke at his expense, but when the opposing army engaged, he pointed the invisible rifle at one and yelled, ""Bangity bang!"" and the man fell.  ""Bangity bang!"" and a man fell.  Again and again, he brought down his foes with bangity bangs and stabbity stabs, until only he and one enemy soldier remained on the battlefield.  The man was walking slowly toward him, upright, arms at his sides, muttering something.  

""Bangity bang!"" the soldier yelled, but the man kept coming.  ""Bangity bang! Bangity bang! BANGITY BANG!""  and the enemy crept closer.  When he was near enough, the soldier stabbity stabbed with all his might, to no avail, and then at last he heard it, the last thing he ever heard, a softly muttered ""Tankity tank, tankity tank, tankity tank."""
"A guy asked me to rate him. I told him I liked him a lot over 6." "Over 6 feet tall, over 6 figure salary, and over at his bed 69-ing."
"Did you hear about the idea for a plane that only takes noisy children and babies?" "It's not a joke. Its just a fucking good idea."
"I've seen this meme with Adam Sandler about life is like a your thing and woman make it hard" "So I'm guessing children apply too if we are talking about life"
"If a person loses their parents.The best thing to ask is" "or phan?Wanna hear  a daddy joke or should I say dead joke ,either way It's bound to make you die with laughter or just die."
"What did the surgery instructor say before the circumcision doctor was fired?" "you shouldve gone for the head"
"What do you call a Russian Tyrannosaurus Rex?" "A DinoCzar!"
"How do you give a lemon an orgasm?" "You tickle its citrus"
"Mr. and Mrs. Johnson had been happily married for decades, but there was one thing that bothered Mr. Johnson." "They had five sons named Al, Ben, Carl, Dan, and Edgar. Now Al, Ben, Carl, and Dan were all tall, thin, and handsome, but Edgar was short, fat, and ugly. Throughout his life, Mr. Johnson wondered if Edgar was really his son, but he never built up the courage to ask his wife.

Finally, the day came when Mr. Johnson lay dying on a hospital bed. He realized that asking his wife about Edgar was now or never.

""There is just one thing I want to know before I die,"" said Mr. Johnson. ""Is Edgar really my son?""

""Yes, my darling husband,"" replied Mrs. Johnson. ""Yes, he is your son.""

""Thank you,"" said Mr. Johnson, and breathed his final breath, which was the most relieved breath he had ever taken.

""Phew!"" said Mrs. Johnson. ""Thank goodness he didn't ask about the other four..."""
"My wife gets turned on when I make her a salad." "She finds it very romaine-tic."
"A man with erectile dysfunction and a man with priapism meet in a hospital waiting room" "The man with priapism has huge giant large long big boner and then he starts explaining that the gigantic boner is actually an effect of spider venom. He jokingly calls himself a Spider Man.

   

The man with erectile dysfunction explains that his condition is an effect of his severe porn addiction. He jokingly calls himself an XXX-Man.     


   They then have gay sex"
"I've just written a book called ""Fifty Shades of Gravy""" "It's very saucy"
"My criminal dog has a loose tooth" "Canine on the loose"
"An accountant’s favorite retail store?" "The GAAP"
"What do Non-Binary samurais do when they see people?" "They / Them"
"For some reason I couldn't stop telling airport related jokes" "My doctor says it's terminal"
"What’s the name of the kid that’s never late to school?" "Justin Time"
"What is this new 72 position I heard about?" "69 with three people watching."
"My friend told me I was suddenly getting taller" "Turned out he was pulling my leg"
"Doctor's favorite drink" "What's a doctor's favorite drink?

Doctor grabs your testes.

Cough. (Holds out hand) Fee?"
"A husband and wife go to a marriage counselor for the first time" "As soon as they sit down, the wife starts complaining about the husband. ""He never cleans up, he never cooks for the family, and he doesn't say he loves me enough...""


This continues for some time until finally the counselor stands up and tells the wife to stop. He then says, ""Stand up and walk over to me.""


As soon as she walks over, the counselor grabs her tightly and gives her a passionate kiss. He then looks over to the husband and says, ""See? That's all she needs 2-3 times a week to be happy.""


The husband laughs excitedly and says, ""That's great, doc! I can drop her off every Monday and Wednesday."""
"I don't mind wind" "I'm just not a fan."
"Why does Clinton’s Vice President dance so well?" "Because he has algorithm."
"Sporting goods NSFW" "Why do lesbian's prefer to shop at Academy Sporting Goods? 

Because they don't like Dicks!"
"How do you get a conservative to admit that Trump is a criminal?" "Describe one of his crimes, but get one detail wrong, then wait for them to correct you."
"Yo mamma's so fat....." "It took the whole church to lift her up in prayer."
"It’s been a nightmare trying to find a keynote speaker for our first ever Impostor Syndrome conference.." "Everyone I’ve asked has told me that they don’t deserve to be there."
"Since I’m realizing I’m mediocre, I’m open to dating single mothers now…" "…so I can find out why the first guy left ya"
"⚠Warning! This joke stinks. 🦨 What do you call a boxer with flatulence?" "Gasius Clay."
"Professor X asked a recruit what her super power was." "Girl replies: ""I can guess how many pulls to turn a ceiling fan off on the first try!""

She points up and says: ""3 pulls""

Professor X stands up and pulls 3 times. After the third pull the fan turns off.

Professor X: ""Yeah thats cool and all, but not really a super power...""
r&gt;Girl: ""Yeah I was jut kidding, I can heal paraplegics""

Professor X, still standing: ""Oh my…."""
"When I worked in the UN, I was asked to get Kofi Annan a gram of cocaine." "After an hour or so I went to him and said: Kofi, at the moment the only thing I have is 'Oceanic'"
"Most people have heard of Alan Turing for cracking the enigma code." "Most people have not heard of his sister, Kay, who helped it be possible by feeding him and his associates and bringing them sandwiches while they worked."
"In average marriage there's significantly less" "anal sex than in prison."
"Where do the Savannah animals go to learn?" "The hippocampus"
"What do you call a bunch of gangsters in a traffic jam?" "A Blood clot"
"After my best friend passed away I got his sibling a parrot to soften the blow." "Then I secretly taught it to say, ""Daniel, it's your brother. Reincarnation is real!"""
"This old man approached me." "He said, ""I planted some seeds somewhere and I can't remember what allotment.""

""It's a synonym for 'many', but I can't help you with the first bit."""
"Knock Knock" "Who’s there.   Itch.   Itch Who.    Bless you"
"Knock Knock" [deleted]
"Wife asked how many women I’ve slept with…." "I didn’t want to lie, so I counted, with respect, in front of her to answer the question. 

1… 2… 3… 4… 5… you… 7…. 8."
"What do you call an illegally parked frog?" Toad
"How many optometrists does it take to screw in a light bulb?" "1 or 2?  
2 or 1?  
1 or 2?"
"How do you lure a pervert?" "&gt;!Just add the NSFW tag.!&lt;"
"Where do you buy a service station?" "On Tebay."
"A man wins a horse race" "A man won a horse race after the other horse dropped dead before reaching the finish line.

However, the winner had a hard time enjoying his victory, because it’s no fun beating a dead horse!"
"No, it's what's the difference between a Rooster and a whore?" "A Rooster says cockadoodledoo, and a whore says any cock'll do"
"Top tier murder joke" "A guy says to his friend ""How many serial killers are in this town and his friend says ""I don't know but there's about to be one more!"""
"A Russian and an Irish wrestler were set to square off for the Olympic gold medal." " Before the final match, the Irish wrestler's trainer came to him and said, ""Now, don't forget all the research we've done on this Russian. He's never lost a match because of this 'pretzel' hold he has. It ties you up in knots. Whatever you do, do not let him get you in that hold! If he does, you're finished.""

The Irishman nodded in acknowledgment. As the match started, the Irishman and the Russian circled each otherseveral times, looking for an opening. All of a sudden, the Russian lunged forward,grabbing the Irishman and wrapping him up in the dreaded pretzel hold. A sigh of disappointment arose from the crowd and the trainer buried his face in his hands, for he knew all was lost. He couldn't watch the inevitable happen.

Suddenly, there was a Long, High Pitched Scream, then a cheer from the crowd and the trainer raised his eyes just in time to watch the Russian go flying up in the air. His back hit the mat with a thud and the Irishman collapsed on top of him, making the pin and winning the match.

The trainer was astounded.When he finally got his wrestler alone, he asked, ""How did you ever get out of that hold? No one has ever done it before!""

The wrestler answered, ""Well, I was ready to give up when he got me in that hold but at the last moment, I opened my eyes and saw this pair of testicles right in front of my face. I had nothing to lose so with my last ounce of strength, I stretched out my neck and bit those babies just as hard as I could.""

The trainer exclaimed, ""Oh, so that's what finished him off?!!""

""Not really. You'd be amazed how strong you get when you bite your own balls."""
"I've always wanted to have sex with the girl next door" "that girl is my stepsister who sleeps in the room next to me, not my neighbor."
"Scott Morrison was visiting a Sydney primary school and the class was in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings." "The teacher asked Mr Morrison if he would like to lead the discussion on the word 'Tragedy'.

So our illustrious leader asked the class for an example of a 'Tragedy'

A little boy stood up and offered: 'If my best friend, who lives on a farm, is playing' in the field and a tractor runs over him and kills him, that would be a tragedy.'

'Incorrect,' said Mr Morrison. 'That would be an accident.'

A little girl raised her hand: 'If a school bus carrying fifty children drove over a cliff, killing everybody inside, that would be a tragedy.'

'I'm afraid not',explained Mr Morrison, 'that's what we would refer to as a great loss'.

The room went silent. No other children volunteered. Morrison searched the room.

'Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?'

Finally, at the back of the room, little Johnny raised his hand and said: 'If a plane carrying you and Annastacia Palaszczuk and Gladys Berejiklian and Daniel Andrews was struck by a 'friendly fire' missile &amp; blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy.'

'Fantastic' exclaimed Morrison, 'and can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?'

'Well', said Johnny, 'it has to be a tragedy, because it certainly wouldn't be a great loss, and it probably wouldn't be a f\*\*king accident either!'"
"What was E.T short for?" "Because of his little legs!!"
"How does a non-binary ninja kill people?" They/them.
"""Sorry babe I poked a hole in the condom""" "Gf : Oh my god! Are you kidding me?

I couldn't help but crack a wry smile thinking this was my first dad joke."
"Two Chemists walk into a bar..." "Two chemists walk into a bar. The first says ""Give me an H2O!"" The second says ""Give me an H2O too!"" The second chemist dies."
"3 Jews walk into a bar..." mitzvah
"Some people believe Monica Lewinsky was a Russian Spy" "She would inform the Kremlin on what came out of the President’s head. 

They were however unhappy when she blew the whole operation."
"An infinite number of mathematicians......" "walk into a bar.  And the first one says to the bartender, ""I'll have a mug of beer"".  Then the second one says, ""I'll have half a mug of beer"".  And the third then says, "" I'll have a quarter of a mug of beer"".  And so on, until the bartender's heard enough and says, ""OK! But you guys had better know your limits!!"""
"Did you know guinea pigs die after sex?" "Well the one I screwed did."
"What does the F in orphan stand for?" Family
"A kilted Scotsman" "A kilted Scotsman was walking down a country path after finishing off a large amount of whisky at a local pub. He felt quite sleepy and decided to nap against a tree.

As he slept, two female tourists heard his loud snoring. When they found him, one said, ""I've always wondered what a Scotsman wears under his kilt.""

She boldly walked over to the sleeper, raised his kilt, and saw that he wore nothing at all. Her friend said, ""Well, the mystery is solved! Let's thank him for sharing!"" She took off her pretty blue hair ribbon and gently tied it around the Scotsman's endowment. 

A while later, the Scotsman was awakened by the call of nature. He raised his kilt and was bewildered at the sight of the neatly tied blue ribbon. He stared for a minute, then said, ""I don't know where y'been laddie... but it's nice ta see you won firrrst prrrize!"""
"Does the dating app Hinge cater to Zoo-sexual people?" "Because I’m only getting matched with some real dogs"
"What do you get when you mix a cheetah and a rhino?" "A Cheeto"
"Herpes isn’t the end of the world." "It’s like being French."
"I like my women like I like my wine." "Aged 14 years and in a cellar."
"Chris Chan." "What a motherfucker."
"I know why the US didn't take gold in shooting." "Because it didn't take place in a high school."
"What do you call an orphan taking a selfie?" "Family photo."
"How do you ask out a female cop?" "Ask for her vag number."
"What do you call an alligator on a skate?" "A rallygator."
"A zebra dies and goes to heaven" "He meets Saint Peter at the Parley Gates and asks him. 

""Saint, am I black with white stripes or white with black stripes?""

Saint Peter was puzzled and told the Zebra he didn't know but once he was in heaven, the Zebra should ask God. 

The next day, the Zebra saw God and asked him the same question. ""God, am I black with white stripes or white with black stripes?"" God said to the Zebra, ""you are what you are."" The Zebra was to afraid probe more and said thank you and left.

Later that day the Zebra ran into Saint Peter again. Saint Peter asked the Zebra if he spoke to God yet and what the answer was. The Zebra said ""Well, I did ask him, but all he told me was you are what you are and I was too afraid to ask more questions"". Saint Peter smiled and said ""Oh so you're white with black stripes!""

The Zebra was confused and asked Saint Peter how he got that from ""You are what you are"" Saint Peter said told him that he knew he was white with black stripes because God said ""You are what you are"" If you were black with white stripes he said, God would've said ""You is what you is"""
"I recently found out my parent’s next door neighbor was feeling up my wife last week…" "He’s a married gay gynecologist and he’s a really nice guy."
"We might be related" "John is at a party hosted by his friend Tom, and Tom says, ""Come meet my friend Paul.""

Paul says, ""Hi, nice to meet you. I'm Paul Williams.""

John says, ""Williams you say? My mother's maiden name is Williams! We must be related!""

Tom shakes his head. ""Really, John? That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Hey, I have a cousin named John, we must be related, too. What an idiot!""

John says, ""Hey Tom we might actually be related.""

Rolling his eyes, Tom sighs, ""Yeah, and why do you say that?""

John replies, ""Well, I have an uncle who is retarded."""
"What do you get when you mix an elephant with a rhino?" Hellifiknow
"You know hitler vaped?" "Never hesitated to hit the jewl"
"George's First day in the Navy" "He speaks with the officer, who assigns him his post.

""Go stand at the periscope entry-way, and make sure no unauthorized personnel touch the periscope.""

The recruit follows orders, and stands by the periscope. After 15 minutes, the officer stops by.

""Son I'm changing your post to the mess hall. Go in there and start washing some dishes.""

The recruit obeys, and heads to the mess hall. He's cleaned about 3 dishes when the officer walks up again.

""Listen here recruit, your new post is in the supply room. I need you to make sure everything is strapped down tight, in case of rough waters.""

The recruit again follows orders, and heads off to the supply room. There, he sees a crewman, moving some boxes.

""Hey there,"" says the recruit. ""is it normal to keep getting reassigned to new posts all day? I haven't kept one position for more than 15 minutes!""

The crewman says ""Oh yeah- this sub is full of reposts."""
"I went to my son and asked" "What is Matthew McConaughey's favorite bread and he said

All white all white all white

And I said no you dummy

It's all rye all rye all rye"
"Alcohol can cause memory loss." "But, it can also cause memory loss."
"No one gets offended quite like white people do." "So I have this Mexican gardener. If I assumed he liked tequila, my sister would ask, ""Why? 'cause he's Mexican?"" And my gardener would be like, ""Why? You got some?"""
"Who is the fastest astrophysicist in the world?" "Andrew De Grasse Tyson"
"What are the Muslim's favorite anime?" "ISlam Dunk"
"Why did the robot stop watching porn?" "He lost his sex drive."
"""Killing grannies" "and smacking fannies."" — Gov. Andrew Cuomo"
"100 penises walk into a bar" " Bartender looks at them and says \*""You gotta lotta balls coming in here""\*"
"Why did Draco Malfoy's funeral service take place outside?" "Because he hates grief indoors."
"I got fired from the church today for having 2 Jobs" "Which is weird because I also had 2 Psalms and 2 Ephesians"
"Guy survives a shipwreck and swims to a nearby island..." "The only thing to eat are coconuts.  But every time he climbs a tree to get some, a dog runs up and bites his ass.

For months, this is his routine.  Fighting off the dog every time he wants to eat.

Then one evening, he spots a drop dead beautiful woman drowing in the sea.  He rescues her and lays her down on the beach, but she's not breathing.  He revives her with mouth to mouth resucitation.

She's grateful, and tells him with a wink, ""Is there *any* way I can repay you?""

""Anything?""

""Yes.... anything...""

""OK, hold that fucking dog for a minute..."""
"Wanna know how Canada got its name?" "They just picked letters from a hat. 

“C,” eh. 

“N,” eh. 

“D,” eh."
"I heard that Mick Jagger is covered in lichen" "I thought a Rolling Stone gathers no moss"
"How come you never see a Rhinoceros hiding in a tree?" "Because they are really good at it."
"A Recently Divorced Man on an Adventure" "A man and his wife got a divorce after 15 years of marriage. After a month of feeling down he decided he needed to get over it. One Friday night he and a mate go to a brothel to have some fun. He asks the madam for a girl who is adventurous and special as he has had blowjobs and missionary sex for his whole marriage. He gets a room and the girl walks in. His first thought is that she looks relatively tame and shy so he gets up to go talk to the madam. The girl tells him to sit down and that she is exactly what he asked for. 

Man: “I’m looking for something I’ve never had before”
Girl: “ I guarantee you’ve never had someone like me, I have a glass eye”

The girl promptly pops her eye out of her socket and pulls out a bottle of lube. She lubes up her bare socket and proceeds to get him off with her eye socket.

Man: “wow that was amazing, I’m definitely coming back her to see you again”
Girl: “I’ll keep an eye out for you”"
"The worst part of being bitten by a spider" "Is that you are probably Australian"
"Four people were involved in a stand off where they all shot and killed eachother." "It was a four gun conclusion."
"What did Kermit the Frog say when Jim Henson died?" Nothing.
"I called Animal control Welfare today and said, ""I've just found a suitcase in the woods with a fox and four cubs.""" """That's terrible,"" the woman on the phone replied. ""Are they moving?""

""I'm not sure, to be honest,"" I said, ""But that would explain the suitcase."""
"CAN ADMINS OF THIS SUBREDDIT REDDIT DO A BETTER JOB OF MONITORING WHO IS ALLOWED IN HERE PLEASE?!" 
"You walk into a bar and there’s a line of people waiting to punch you in the face" "That’s the punchline"
"If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian..." "then Soviet."
"I Just Found Out There's an Island Off Cape Cod Called ""Slut's Bush""" "When a big trawler shipwrecked in a bad storm, it left the place soaking wet, smelling like fish, and covered in seamen."
"How do you boost a farmer’s confidence?" "By getting him to grow a pear"
"A man meets a woman with a dog" "The man says ""Does your dog bite?""

The woman says ""No.""

The man tries to pet the dog and gets bitten. He said ""OW! I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!""

The woman says ""He doesn't. This isn't my dog."""
"There once was an old farmer..." "He had a large pond in the back of his property

&amp;#x200B;

It was great for swimming, so he fixed it up nice with picnic tables, horseshoe courts,and some apple and peach trees.

&amp;#x200B;

One evening the old farmer decided to go down to the pond, as he hadn't been there for a while, and look it over. He grabbed a five-gallon bucket to bring back some fruit. As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing with glee. As he came closer, he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny-dipping in his pond. He made the women aware of his presence and they all went to the deep end.

&amp;#x200B;

One of the women shouted to him, 'we're not coming out until you leave!'

&amp;#x200B;

The old man frowned, 'I didn't come down here to watch you ladies swim naked or make you get out of the pond naked.' Holding the bucket up he said, 'I'm just here to feed my alligator.'"
"What did John Stockton say to Karl Malone to get him to go to the block?" "Post Malone!"
"Johnny with his grandparents" "Johnny is staying with his grandparents. Grandma goes out to get groceries, while Grandpa stays home to look after Johnny. When Grandma gets home, the house is a mess. All of the couch cushions are torn up, paint is all over the walls, and the dog is hiding under the bed. Grandma asks Grandpa: ""What the hell happened?""

Grandpa replies: ""Do you remember two days ago, when we caught Johnny sneaking chocolate before dinner?""

""Yes...""

""Well, you remember that I made him eat chocolate until he barfed. And after that, he didn't like chocolate no more.""

""Yes, but today-""

""And you remember yesterday, when we caught Johnny playing video games past his bedtime?""

""Yes...""

""Well, you remember I made Johnny play video games until his eyes hurt. And after that, he didn't like video games no more.""

""Yes, but what happened today?""

""Well, today I caught him sneaking some from our cocaine stash."""
"I think my relationship with my mother has been irreparably damaged." "My mom and I have been through a lot and had our ups and downs, but during a recent trip to the supermarket, I ignored my mom when she told me to take her route and I am not sure we will bounce back from this one."
"Today I Learned I should NOT have my password be the name of my cat." "I then turned to my cat and said, ""Well, wJ:cg/v&amp;A;6BTt, I guess it's back to the drawing board."""
"Billy Idol’s wife gets very upset when he’s behind on the yardwork." "Why just yesterday, in the midnight hour, she yelled: mow! mow! mow!"
"I overheard an elderly woman asking the cashier at Walmart if they had any colored pencils" "I said “ma’am 2021 black people can use any pencils they want”"
"A homeless drunk opens a garbage bin on the street to throw out his bottle." "Inside he sees a thrown out mirror and exclames 'oh no. A corpse.' so he calls the police and as they arrive, one of the officers opens the bin and shouts 'shit, it's a colleague.'"
"What does Mr Spock use for birth control?" "Vulcanized rubber"
"what did the duck say to the camera?" cheese?
"what do stupid Leo's wear to the beach?" Leotard
"Free time" "I had an hour to myself as my wife was working late. I decided to sit down in front of the computer and watch some porn. Everything was going great until suddenly my wife appeared. Needless to say, We are going to have a long talk when she gets home."
"Old Soviet Joke" "Picked this up from a collection of Soviet-era jokes

\*\*\*

Q: ""Why do the secret police patrol in groups of three?""

A: ""That way there's always one who can read, and one who can write.""

Q: ""What about the third?""

A: ""Someone's got to keep an eye on the two dangerous intellectuals."""
"What can you say at a barbecue and in a bedroom?" "Damn that’s a good weenie."
"Maybe repost, but it is a fabulous joke so I'll risk it. (Long, and works better when spoken)" "A man is waking up in the morning, when he reads in the newspaper that the circus is coming to town. So he decides to go and see. He gets into his seat and the show starts. He watches the lions, the elephants, the tight rope walkers, and at the end there's a clown insulting people in the audience. The clown notices the man, and yells to him: ""Hey you!""

""What?""

""Are you a horse's head?""

""No!""

""Well then you must be a horse's ass!"" And the crowd erupts into cheers, and the man is so ashamed he rushes home.

Five years later, the circus returns to town, and the man is apprehensive, but he figures, what the hell, maybe they fired that clown. So he goes and watches the show. He watches the lion, the elephants, the tight rope walkers, and at the end there's the same clown, still insulting audience members. The man says: ""Nope,"" and gets out of his seat, but this causes the clown to notice him, and a knowing smirk spreads over the clown's face.

""Hey you!""

""What?""

""Are you a horse's head?""

""No...""

""Well then you must be a horse's ass!"" And the crowd erupts into cheers, and the man rushes home again. But this time, he decides he wants revenge. He spends the next five years learning, studying at the best universities in the country, training under the 7 Great Masters of Insult, until he comes back home, just in time for the circus.

He gets into his seat, full of purpose, and watches the show. He watches the lions, the elephants, the tight rope walkers, and at the end there's the same clown, doing the same insults. And the man stands up and waves to the clown. ""Hey! Over here!"" And the clown sneers, and asks:

""Hey you!""

""What?""

""Are you a horse's head?""

""No!""

""Well then you must be a horse's ass!"" And the crowd erupts into cheers. But the man yells to the clown. 

""Hey clown!""

""What?""

""Fuck you!"""
"Want to hear a joke?" "Too fucking bad, because this joke is in text."
"Have you ever just looked at the moon…" "And wanted to punch it, but all you punch is air and then you’re tired from punching air, so you take a break and sit on a bench and then some guy from your high school baseball team from ten years ago walks by and says, “damn, still keeping the bench warm I see”. And then you get angry, because he acted informal towards you when the situation was clearly a formal one, because you haven’t seen him in ten years. I mean, a simple “hey, how’ve you been?” would’ve been appropriate and then you keep thinking about why he would do that and you forget how much you hate them moon, walk home and eat an entire head of cabbage. Has that ever happened to you?"
"What did the mama Llama say to the baby llama as they prepared for a picnic?" "Alpaca lunch"
"When is the only time you can pee in a pool guilt free?" "When you're in the pool."
"What does a robot do after sex?" "He nuts and bolts."
"My enemy tried to get my clothes wrinkled right after I pressed them." "He was de-pressing."
"When I was a child my mum always used to bathe me in cheap Australian beer." "It wasn't till I was 18 that I realized I'd been Fostered...."
"A farmer buys a young cock. As soon as he gets home it fucks all of his 150 hens. The farmer is impressed. At lunch, the cock again screws all 150 hens." " Next day it's fucking the ducks and the geese too

 Sadly, later in the day the farmer finds the cock lying on the ground half-dead and vultures circling over its head. Farmer yells , ""You deserve it, you horny bastard!""

The cock slowly opens one eye, looks up at the sky and whispers , "" Shhhhhh, They're about to land!!!"""
"When I was a child, I was kidnapped by mimes" "They did unspeakable things to me"
"My wife planned a new weekly hobby for me" "DYI wednesdays"
"A couple of hunters are out in the woods..." "when one of them falls to the ground. He doesn’t seem to be breathing and his eyes have rolled back in his head. 

The other guy whips out his mobile phone and calls 911. 

He gasps to the operator: “My friend is dead! What should I do now?” 

The operator, in a soothing voice, says: “Just take it easy. I can help. First, let’s make sure he’s dead.” 

The guy immediately replies: “Of course he's dead, I shot the fucker for telling me the SAME OLD JOKE FOR THE THOUSANDTH TIME!”"
"If i drink alcohol im an acholoic" "if i drink fanta im fantastic"
"What is a racists favorite drink?" "White Powerade"
"I was always told to never hit someone with glasses." "But, does that mean someone wearing glasses, or hitting someone *with* glasses? Because I’ve hit people with glasses."
"A police officer shoots a criminal. A doctor comes and saves his life. Then in court, the judge sentences the criminal to death." "The doctor then says, ""this is some fucking bullshit""."
"A panda goes to a restaurant" "He orders some food, eats it, then takes a gun and shoots up the place, making people scramble and hide. Then he calmly goes out of the restaurant.

A patron from under the table asks- “What was that all about”?
The waiter says- “He is a panda. Look him up in the dictionary”.
The patron looks at the dictionary for the panda. 
It said - “Panda. Eats shoots and leaves”."
"""I think, therefore I am" "not a Flat Earther.""- Me, 2021."
"I saw a lady protesting at the capital grounds with a sign that read "" vaccines contain aborted fetus' """ "I couldn't believe it, how can she be protesting something like that I thought.

I marched right up to her and said ""you think that's bad? Johnson and Johnson makes organic baby oil"""
"why was my computer so faster?" "usain bolt"
"A podiatrist walks into a bar. He sidles up to the counter and sets down a small box as if to invite a question." " 

A very, very sad and forlorn horse, who happens to be the bartender, walks over and completely ignoring the box, asks him what he’s having. Thinking he might cheer up the horse with a little joke, he asks, “Why the long face?” He chuckles, but the bartender-horse, having nothing of it, just stares at him.  The man apologizes and says, “I’m sorry, but you looked so sad I thought I might try a little joke to lighten the mood.” The horse bartender responds, “Nay, nothing is going to cheer me up.”

\&amp;nbsp;

“What if I told you my pianist was bigger than yours?” “Nay, says the horse.” The man looks around and notices an alligator sucking a man’s dick in the corner. “How about that?” “Nay,” again. “What about the man over there with the giant, bobbing, orange head?” “Nay,” says the horse.  “The nun on the front curb drinking vodka out of a paper cup?” “Nay.” “The O’Reilly brothers, well, one of them anyway, with the three pints?” “Nay.” “The Priest, the Rabbit and the Preacher at the table over there?” “Nay.”  “The French philosopher in booth 3?” “Nay.” 

\&amp;nbsp;

“You are down! Exclaims the man. 

“What seems to be the problem?”

\&amp;nbsp;

The horse-bartender says “What’s the problem? Where do I begin, man? I come to work in this bar for Gregory Illinivich, and all day long I work. Every night it’s the same shit - alligators, nuns, priests, rabbis, deaf genies, pianists, a million ducks in the back alley.  Honestly, I don’t even know what I’m doing anymore. I don’t even know if Gregory Illinivich knows. He only knows that he has power over me, and that seems to bring him happiness. 

But I don’t know, I wake up in a malaise, and I walk here and there… at night I…I sometimes wake up and I turn to some old nag in my bed that’s on my arm. A mare that I once loved. I don’t know where to turn to. My youngest, Alexendria, she fell in the…in the cold of last year. The vet took her down, shot her, as he did many of us. And my other boy, and this is the hardest pill to swallow, doc. My other boy, Gregarro Ivinalititavitch… I no longer love him. As much as it pains me to say, when I look in his eyes, all I see is the same cowardice that I… that I catch when I take a glimpse of my own face in the mirror. If only I wasn’t such a coward, then perhaps…perhaps I could bring myself to reach over to that cocked and loaded gun that lays on the bedside behind me and end this hellish facade once and for all…Man, sometimes I feel like a spider, even though I’m a horse, just barely hanging on to my web with an everlasting fire underneath me. I’m not feeling good. 

\&amp;nbsp;

And so the man says, “Horse, man, you are troubled.” 

\&amp;nbsp;

Then the man has a sudden realization and he says to the horse-bartender, “What do I know, I’m no psychiatrist, I’m just a podiatrist with a 12” pianist, but is it possible that you’re in the wrong joke?”

\&amp;nbsp;

The horse looks at him for a moment, then says, “Nay, I think not.”

\&amp;nbsp;

Poof. The horse disappeared."
"The flashlight on my iPhone is like a woman" "The slightest touch turns it on

And then I can’t figure out what to do with it"
"How does a Pokemon trainer commit suicide?" "Escape rope."
"Your momma's nickname is Cool Runnings" "Because she can comfortably accommodate 4 Jamaicans and an egg."
"The lumberjack" "Delbert lands his dream job. He gets hired on as a logger. On his first day, the boss man takes him out into the woods, gives him his chainsaw, and says ""Usually, our guys can cut down about 100 trees a day. Its your first day, so I'll understand if you're a bit short. Now get to it.""

And with that, the boss man leaves Delbert for the day. At the end of the day, boss man returns, and asks Delbert how many trees he cut down. Delbert replies ""I only cut down 5."" The boss man, a bit flabbergasted,  says "" That is unacceptable. You'll have to do better tomorrow.""

The next day, the boss man takes Delbert out, gives him his gear and says ""Remember, 100 a day is the average."" And with that, he leaves for the day.

At the end of the day, boss man picks up Delbert, and asks ""How many trees today?"" Delbert replies ""I only managed to cut down 15.""  

The boss man, this time a bit annoyed says ""That just won't do. I am going to give you one more day to get your act together, or else, I'm going to have to let you go.""

On the third day, the boss man take Delbert out, throws him his gear and says ""This is your last chance. 100, or you're fired.""

The boss man leaves for the day, and when he returns,  he asks Delbert, ""How many today?"" Delbert replies, ""I did my best, but I only got 20."" The boss man, both confused and angry, says ""How?!?! Let me see your chainsaw!"" The boss man takes it from Delbert, pulls the cord, and the saw roars to life. 

Delbert freaks out and shouts ""WHAT WAS THAT!?!?!"""
"I have a couple types of jokes" "The ones that rub people the wrong way more times than not are my JonBenet Ramsey Jokes. They’re not jokes about her, they’re just my jokes that never get old."
"A furniture salesman from Ontario was on a business trip in Quebec, selling furniture to various stores." "After a long day of selling furniture in Montreal, the guy was almost back in his hotel when he ran into a gorgeous woman who seemed to be interested in him. But he spoke no French, and she spoke no English. So he came up with a plan.

The guy pulled out a notepad and drew a picture of a taxi. The woman nodded and immediately hailed a taxi.

Inside the taxi, he drew a picture of a table with food and drinks. The woman asked the taxi driver to take them to a restaurant.

After a delicious dinner, the woman took the notepad and drew a picture of a bed. The man looked at her in amazement and nodded.

The two of them took a taxi back to the woman's house. The man dropped the woman off at the front door, and immediately got back into the taxi and went back to his hotel.

Back home in Ontario, the guy is still wondering, ""How did that girl know I was in the furniture business?"""
"your vaccine status does not affect what i think of you!" "I still think y'all suck."
"Why did Han Solo call Chewbacca a noob?" "He made a Wookiee mistake"
"Caution: Bad jokes ahead" "Girl are you a traffic cone? Cuz I'd like to wear you on top of me when intoxicated.

Girl are you a cloud? cuz I can feel your rain with my face inside you.

I bet you work at Starbucks.

Are you a well regulated militia? Cuz I swear you're the only defense against tyranny.

Girl are you Jews at Auschwitz? Cuz I'd like to take you in the showers and leave you gassed.

I bet you know your way around a canned ham.

Officer please turn the body camera off. I have something important to tell you. I trust you not to shoot my heart out.

You're body is like the return of Christ, but you killed him a-fuckin -gain and you knew he was the savior.

I bet you work at Forever 21

Girl i want your legs to be Yosemite Sam's twin blasters haning from my hips til i flip them up in the air.

Has anyone told you, you look like a pinup model cuz I'd like to pin you to the wall and stay up.

I bet you worked as a waitress and were laid off for the lockdown but still do way too much work for mostly tip."
"I started a 100 subject survey on what shampoo women use..." "Only got to the 3rd shower before the police arrested me unfortunately"
"Mickey and Minnie Mouse Are in Divorce Court" "The Divorce Court Judge has just finished reviewing Mickey's petition for divorce when he says to Mickey, ""Now let me get this straight, you say you want to divorce Minnie Mouse because she's crazy?"". 

Mickey, visibly upset and very emotional responds to the judge: ""No, No, No Your Honor. I don't want to divorce Minnie because she's crazy, I want to divorce Minnie because she's fuckin' Goofy!""."
"A woman's swim team competitor was really upset by her recent loss at the Olympics." "It was during the breast stroke competition when she came in fourth place. She complained the other women were cheating because they were using their arms."
"What do you get when you cross king midas and Oedipus?" "Pure motherfucking gold"
"I tried to do the OnlyFans thing this year" "Turned into more of an OnlyFan kind of thing.  Don't get me wrong I appreciate my parents support but..."
"What's the difference between a computer and an American?" "The computer has troubleshooting."
"My First Girlfriend's Dad Was a Real Tough Guy" "The first time I met him he said, ""Whatever you do my baby girl, I do double back to you.""

So I had her peg me."
"An armed masked man bursts into a bank yelling ""EVERYBODY PUT YOUR HANDS UP, THIS IS A ROBBERY!""" " The patrons and staff, terrified, comply.  


He's loading up his sack with cash when his mask slips off. He quickly pulls it back up and sees two guys who may have seen his face. He points his gun at the first.  


""Did you see my face?""  


""Yes""  


BANG, he shoots him.  


He then points it at the second guy.  


""Did you see my face?""  


The second guy points at a woman sitting far off in the reception area.  


""No, but my mother in law did!"""
"What is the name of Trumps new mixtape?" "Orange is the new black"
"I was suddenly woken by the woman I'd met the night before." "She rubbed her eyes and asked, ""How the fuck did you get in here?""

""You don't remember last night, do you?"" I chuckled.

""I do,"" she replied, ""But my hallway is narrow."""
"Boxers or briefs" """Mr. President.. boxers or briefs?""

""Depends"""
"I always get mixed up between jacuzzi and yakuza" "Now I'm in hot water with the Japanese mafia"
"I saw my doctor yesterday." "I dropped my pants to show him this big boil on my bottom.


He wasn't the least bit interested, just carried on pushing his

trolley round the supermarket."
"There are 2 ways to a man’s heart. Through his stomach and through his pants." "So why not kill two birds with one stone and go for a creampie."
"Does butter sink or float?" "Neither, Butterflies"
"What do you call a girl named Amanda who came out as trans?" "A man duh"
"A gastroenterologist walks into a bar, grabs one of the bar seats, examines it, picks it up &amp; starts walking out." "The bartender yells at him, “hey what do you think you’re doing?!”

He smiles and says “just taking a stool sample!”"
"That’s one valuable hog" "

One day a salesman showed up a the farmyard and saw a pig with only three legs.      He asked,  “why does that hog only have three legs?”

The farmer says, “ let me tell you about that pig, see where the side of the house is scorched by fire? Well that pig woke me up in time to save the house, otherwise I would have been gone along with my house. That is one valuable hog!”

The salesman asked, “ is that how it lost a leg?”

The farmer said “nope, but that’s not the only thing that makes the pig so valuable, the other day, I was walking into town to get a few supplies and three hooligans jumped me, attempting to rob me. The hog heard my cries for help and scrambled over it pen wall, raced down the road and tore into the hooligans, saving me from being robbed and beaten!”

Again, the salesman asked, “ is that how the pig lost its leg?”

Again the reply was “nope”

So he asked rather exasperated “ well, how did the hog lose its leg?”

The farmer stated, “When you have a hog that valuable, you don’t eat it all at once!”"
"I wanted to make a Sneakers circlejerk subreddit" "But /r/Sneakers was already taken"
"American kid: Mommy, what's a ""Canadian""?" "Well, dear,  that's an unarmed citizen with health insurance."
"What do you call a group of scary pirates?" "A scarecrew"
"What is a sex party for ghosts called?" "A boo-kakke."
"How can you tell if your joke pisses off a vegan?" "Don't worry, they will let you know."
"I was told to post this here." "How to learn german f\*\*king fast??"
"How does the nephrologist association welcome new members?" "“You’re in!”"
"A museum tour guide told his visitor group that their T-Rex skeleton was 65,000,023 years old." "When one of the visitors asked how they knew the skeleton's age so precisely, he replied that it was 65 million years old when he started working there 23 years ago."
"I could’ve been in the NBA…" "Unfortunately God added 8” in the wrong spot.


Sometimes it sucks having ass hair that long."
"I graduated at the top of my class at Squidward Community College!" "I'm glad I was the only student there."
"A man walks into a bar" "and stays there my entire childhood."
"A man and a woman who had never met find themselves assigned to the same sleeping room on a train." "Though initially embarrassed and uneasy over sharing a room, they were both very tired and fell asleep quickly, he in the upper berth and she in the lower.

At 1:00 AM, the man leaned down and gently woke the woman saying,……….

“Ma’am, I’m sorry to bother you, but would you be willing to reach into the closet to get me a second blanket? I’m awfully cold.”

“I have a better idea,’ she replied ‘Just for tonight,…… let’s pretend that we’re married.”

“Wow! That’s a great idea!”, he exclaimed.

“Good”, she replied. “Get your own fucking blanket.”

After a moment of silence.....he farted."
"The lion decided to invite everyone to his birthday party. But, him being the king, he ordered everybody to bring him meat as a present, or else he will hit them with his massive dong. And soon, the day came and all the animals lined up in front of the lion's cave with their presents." " The Wolf wanted to gift the King lamb, the fox had a chicken, the leopard an antelope, and so on...The lion greeted all of his guests and welcomed them to the party. Suddenly, the rabbit stood in front of him with a carrot. All guests went silent. The lion looked him in the eyes and said: "" You know what this means, right?"" The rabbit trembled and said:""I am so-o-o-rrrrry, sire, I-I-I couldn't find any me-e-a..."" BAM! The rabbit fell to the ground, with tears in his eyes. Then he stood up and started laughing. The lion looked at him in confusion and asked:""Are you OK? Why are you laughing? "" The rabbit: "" Oh, it is nothing, mylord, I just remembered that the hedgehog is down the line, bringing you an apple"""
"A teacher decides to let students out early if they can name the origin of a famous quote." " Teacher: ""Who said 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'?""

Before Johnny can open his mouth, Susie says, ""Abraham Lincoln.""

Teacher: ""That's right Susie, you can go home.""

Teacher: ""Who said 'I Have a Dream'?""

Again, before Johnny can open his mouth, Mary says, ""Martin Luther King.""

Teacher: ""That's right Mary, you can go.""

Teacher: ""Who said 'Ask not, what your country can do for you'?""

Before Johnny can open his mouth, Nancy says, ""John F. Kennedy.""

Teacher: ""That's right Nancy, you may also leave.""

When the teacher turns her back Johnny says in frustration, ""I wish these dumb bitches would keep their fucking mouths shut!""

The teacher turns around and she is livid: ""NOW WHO SAID THAT?!?!""

Johnny: ""Harvey Weinstein. Can I go now, Miss?"""
"My dick and me have something in common" "We both get beat"
"I got lost in the rainforest and I needed supplies" "So I ordered from Amazon!"
"I stopped having sex with my anesthesiologist." "Couldn't feel a fucking thing."
"Every year hundreds of children are shipped off to mime school" "Never to be heard from again."
"Why isn’t blood a good writer??" "Because of all the Type-Os. 
Not sure if this has been posted before but I thought of it while at my desk and was proud of it cause it made me chuckle lol."
"Quit worrying about life." "You won't survive it anyway."
"My niece calls me her ankle. I call her my knees" "We are a joint family"
"What do you call a black man who flies a plane for a living?" "A pilot you fucking racist, jeez"
"Why do midgets laugh when they run?" "
Because the grass tickles their balls."
"A man walks into a bar..." "

He orders nine shots.

The bartender apprehensive asks, ""whats the occasion?""

The man mumbles, ""first blowjob.""

The bartender brightens up and pours nine shots and lays them out.

The man downs all nine in a row.

The bartender still smiling says, 

""hey, make it an even ten. On the house.""

The man shakes his head, 

""No thanks. If the first nine didn't wash out the taste, I doubt one more would help."""
"“Silent farts that don’t stink...”" "
An old woman visits the doctor for a routine check-up.


""Doctor, I have constant gas, but the farts are always silent and they don't stink!""


The doctor prescribes her some pills and sends her on her way. 


Two weeks later she returns for a follow-up.


""Doctor, I still have constant silent farts, but now they stink!""


Doctor replies, ""Alright, so we have cleared out those sinuses, now for your hearing..."""
"How do you know that the tooth brush was invented in Kentucky?" "If it had been invented anywhere else, it would have been called a teeth brush."
"A sansei watches a student clean a glass door with a rag. The fingerprints won’t come off the glass no matter how hard he wipes…" "The sansei steps outside and gently wipes off the fingerprints with his rag, and says to the student, “the glass isn’t always cleaner on the other side.”

***I just wrote this as dialogue in one of my screenplays and thought it worked on its own as a joke."
"My wife won't make love until I massage her ass." "I'm just happy we don't have to stay in the barn."
"I recently took a pole..." "It turns out 100% of people that were in the tent were angry when it fell on their heads 🤓"
"How do you treat a child's imaginary friend and a trans person's self-perception differently?" "&gt;!You don't. They both are logical fallacies, but you should act like they aren't; ignorance is bliss.!&lt;"
"The funniest thing my grandpa ever said" "I was visiting my grandparents a couple years back and my grandma brought up that the PA at the local clinic, an attractive 30-something year-old woman, was moving out of town.  My grandpa piped up with ""Yeah, I'm gonna miss her.  Do you know how hard it is for a man my age to get a 33 year old woman to put her finger up my butt?""

He passed away this morning.  I love you grandpa."
"My holier-than-thou coworker wears a mask to the bathroom" "Which is weird since she acts like her shit doesn't stink"
"My stalker just threatened to kill herself, if I didn't love her back." "It's really nice when problems resolves themselves like that."
"Did you hear about the gay security guard who was fired from his job at the sperm bank?" "He was caught drinking on the job."
"Traditional Japanese outfits are so cool! If you haven't tried one on..." Yukata!
Late "After waiting more than an hour and a half for her date, the young lady decided she'd been stood up. Exasperated, she changed from her dinner dress into pajamas and slippers, fixed some popcorn and resigned herself to an evening of TV. No sooner had she flopped down in front of the TV than her doorbell rang. There stood her date.

He took one look at her and gasped, ""I'm two hours late, and you're still not ready?"""
"Five Members" "A man walks into a doctor's office. ""What seems to be the problem?"" asks the physician. ""It's, well, I have five penises,"" replies the man. ""Holy crap!"" says the doctor, ""How do your pants fit?""

""Like a glove."""
"The Duck" " A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of lager and a ham sandwich. The bartender looks at him and says, ""But you're a duck."" ""I see your eyes are working,"" replies the duck. ""And you talk!"" exclaims the bartender. ""I see your ears are working,"" says the duck. ""Now can I have my beer and my sandwich please?"" The bartender brings the sandwich and beer. ""I'm working on the building site across the road,"" explains the duck. Then the duck drinks his beer, eats his sandwich and leaves. This continues for two weeks. Then one day, the circus comes to town. The owner of the circus comes into the pub and the bartender says to him, ""You own the circus? Listen, I know this duck that would be brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer and everything!"" ""Sounds marvelous,"" says the circus owner, ""get him to give me a call."" So, the next day when the duck comes into the pub, the bartender says, ""Hey, Mr. Duck, I've got it all set. I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money!"" ""Yeah?"" says the duck. ""Sounds great, where is it?"" ""At the circus,"" says the bartender. ""The circus?"" the duck inquires. ""That's right,"" replies the bartender. ""The circus? That place with the big tent? With all the animals? With the big canvas roof with the hole in the middle?"" asks the duck. ""That's right!"" says the bartender. The duck looks confused, ""What in the hell would they want with a plasterer?"""
"How could a hairdresser be like a thief?" "They cut locks."
"They’re remaking ALF, but the puppet looks more like a chicken than a pig." "They’re calling it Chicken Alf redo."
"A kindergarten teacher was telling a story..." "A kindergarten teacher was telling a story about a farmer walking around the farm talking to the animals. She was trying to get the kids to interact, speak up, and to use their imaginations.

""Mister Farmer stopped at the cow, and the cow said 'Morning, Mister Farmer!'. Susie, what do you thing the farmer said next?""

Susie says ""He said 'Good morning Mrs. Cow!'""

""Mister Farmer stopped at the pig next, and the pig said 'Good morning, Mister Farmer!'. Johnny, what do you thing the farmer said next?""  
Johnny says ""He said 'Good morning Mr. Pig!'""

""Mister Farmer stopped at the chicken, and the Chicken said 'Morning, Mister Farmer!'. Billy, what do you thing the farmer said next?""  
Billy says ""The farmer said 'Holy shit, that chicken is fucking talking!'"""
"Im not racist but..." "If there really is laws of physics out there, black holes are in trouble"
"What does God say in some kinds of oh-my-god situations?" """Oh myself."""
"Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?" "Because they’re really good at it."
"Expectant mothers of Reddit, name your child Gotham." "Then when they wake up at 3am you can roll to your Husband or Partner and say ‘Gotham needs you!’ and they will get up."
"What did the deaf hype man say to the crowd when he ran on stage?" """I CANT HEAAAAAR YOU!"""
"Do you know what they say about female philanthropists?" "They just give it up"
"What does a stripper do to her a**hole before going to work?" "Drops him off at band practice"
"I went a wise man the other day for advice and he said:" "“He who knows and knows he knows, knows not. He who knows not and knows he knows not, knows.""

I don't know who's going to do my taxes next year, but I know it won't be him again."
"Why did the anarchist refuse to put his finger up his ass?" "Because he didn't want to feel prostate."
"Marvel Studios is now against hair coloring" "In fact, their next film is about a group of people that never dye"
"My wife would definitely win a gold medal in the olympics" "...if nagging was a sport."
"A new movie is coming out; the plot is a female samurai's family is killed on her sister's wedding day and her mission of revenge." "Made of Honor"
"What if we remove all the water in the ocean and..." "We use a big vacuum to suck out all the water in the ocean, along with all the sea creatures (many will die in the process but it is okay, there is plenty of them anyway), then we drive down with our trucks, clean up all the trash, and find all the missing pieces of history - sunken boats, airplanes, treasure, missing cities, dead people, you name it.

Very brilliant idea, but obviously it will take a moderate amount of labor."
"If a Birdie is one less than par, and an Eagle is two less than par, and an Albatross is three less than par…" "…then, in keeping with an avian theme, why can’t a Hole-in-One be referred to as a Bay-Gull?

TL;DR-
A Bagel isn’t a Bagel unless there’s a Hole-in-One."
"Forest Gump 2" "Tom hanks: Life is like a box of chocolates, you'll never know what your gonna get. 

Person: why does this dude say this all the time. 

Person 2: Ever since he fought in vietnam hes been repeating that line. He has brain damage  is what im saying"
"McDonalds was originally going to sell hot dogs..." "They just felt like nobody would buy the mcweenie"
"Do you know the differnce between your mom and your driveway?" "When I came to your house today, I pulled out of of the driveway."
"Ceasers sports book." "What is that? Like pizza betting? 

whoop whoop whoop"
"Q: What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose?" "A: Full"
"What does 90 year old pussy taste like?" Depends.
"I saw on this girl's dating profile that she's a ""health and fitness junkie."" So that's cool..." "We've got one of those three things in common."
"Women drinking coffee." "My three favorite things."
"My wife left a note on the fridge that said, ""This isn't working.""" "I'm not sure what she's talking about. I opened the fridge door and it's working fine!"
"I tried stand-up before, but it didn't work out. My first audience was a real tough crowd" "I was performing in a haunted house and the only responses I got were ""boooo""."
"I wanted to get a job that doesn’t require too much intelligence" "So I decided to run for the President of the United States"
"What's the last thing you wanna hear when you're giving Willie Nelson a blowjob?" """I'm not Willie Nelson."""
"A child refusing to sleep" "Is resisting a rest"
"Whats the difference between a bulldyke and a whale?" "About 5 lbs. and a flannel shirt."
"I am offering tail removal services" "De-tails in the comments."
"My wife's pussy smells like Roses..." "But Roses is tighter."
"What did Biggie Smalls say at the vegan restaurant?" "GIMME DA NOOCH, GIMME DA NOOCH!"
"My wife and I are having a competition to see who can steal the most dog related stuff from our local pet shop." "I've just taken the lead."
"Catholic priests" "Why are Catholic priests against abortion?  They want more children to molest."
"Coffee is acidic. Until you add pumpkin and spices..." "Then it becomes basic."
"number 419" "Last week a baby boy was born to a young couple. This was their first child but he had a small birth defect. This little boy was born without eyelids. After a small surgery they were able to repair his condition by grafting his fore skin to replace to missing eyelids, the surgery was a great success except...
In the end he was a little cock-eyed"
"How can you tell a stage actor is dining at a Chinese eatery?" "When he takes a Bao 

(Off-Topic: those things are better than sliced bread, do comment if you agree)"
"A man goes to a bar and gets so drunk he pukes all over himself..." "... He starts panicking because he was worried his wife was going to leave him for this.

Another person at the bar told him to say someone puked all over him, and put $20 in your shirt and tell him he gave you that to cover the cleaning. The man thinks it's a good idea and decides to give it a try. 

That night he went home and goes straight to the bathroom to clean up. The wife finds the dirty laundry and and confronts him about it. The man says ""A guy puked allover me and gave me $20 for cleaning and the inconvenience. It should still be there, go ahead and check it."" 

The wife then finds the cash and says ""Wait a minute, there's $40 in here."" The man gets confused and thinks for a second, and then replies ""Oh yeah! That same guy? He capped in my pants."""
"Borrow a dollar" "An army officer asks to borrow a dollar from a soldier. ""Sure, buddy,"" says the soldier. ""That's no way to address a superior!"" screams the officer.

""Now let's try that again. May I borrow a dollar, private?"" ""Sir, no, sir."""
"My Club" "A hunter walking through the jungle found a huge, dead rhino with a pigmy standing beside it. Amazed, he asked, ""Did you kill that?"" The pigmy said, ""Yes."" The hunter asked, ""How could a little guy like you kill a huge beast like that?"" The pigmy said, ""I killed it with my club.""

The astonished hunter asked, ""How big is your club?"" The pigmy replied, ""There's about 60 of us."""
Sick "A guy works a new job on Thursday and Friday. On Monday, he calls in and says, ""I can't come in today. I'm sick."" He works the rest of the week, but the following Monday he calls in and says, ""I can't come in today. I'm sick."" The boss asks the foreman about him, and the foreman says, ""He's great. He does the work of two men. We need him."" So, the boss calls the guy into his office, and says, ""You seem to have a problem getting to work on Mondays. You're a good worker and I'd hate to fire you. What's the problem? Anything we can help you with? Drugs? Alcohol?"" The guy says, ""No, I don't drink or do drugs. But my brother-in-law drinks every weekend, and then beats on my sister.

So, every Monday morning, I go over to make sure she's all right. She puts her head on my shoulder and cries, one thing leads to another, and the next thing you know, I'm having sex with her.""

The boss says, ""You have sex with your sister?"" The guy says, ""Hey, I told you I was sick."""
"Happy &amp; Sad" "A husband and wife were sharing a bottle of wine when the husband said, ""I bet you can't tell me something that will make me feel happy and sad at the same time."" 

The wife thought for a few moments, then said, ""Your penis is bigger than your brother's."""
"That Bites" "A guy was walking down the street when he sees a woman with perfect breasts. He says to her, ""Hey, miss, would you let me bite your breasts for $100?"" ""Are you nuts?"" she replies, and starts to walk away. He says, ""You wouldn't let me do it for even $1,000?"" ""Listen, sir, I'm not that kind of woman. Got it?"" He says, ""How about $10,000?"" The woman thinks about this for awhile and says, ""You'll pay me $10,000 to bite my breasts?"" He nods. She reluctantly says, ""Let's go to that dark alley over there."" They go to the alley and she takes off her blouse. The guy begins caressing her breasts, kissing them, and fondling them.

Finally, the woman gets all annoyed and says, ""Are you going to bite them, or what?"" ""Nah,"" he replies. ""Too expensive!"""
"Why do Arabs shop at Costco?" "Because they’re bulk-luvas"
Bruised "A guy goes over to his brother's house all bruised and his clothes torn. His brother says, ""Man, where have you been?"" ""I just got back from burying my mother-in-law,"" says the guy. ""How did you get all bruised and your clothes torn from burying your mother-in-law?""

""She wouldn't lie still!"""
"Here’s a joke…" "Led Zeppelin goes to a guitar center. Everybody is amazed thata celebrity is at guitar center. The workers set up a small stage so Led Zeppelin can play. When everything is ready, the Owner says, “What are you going to play?” 

He says, “Stairway to Heaven, of course!”

The owner yells at him to get out."
"What do you call a dildo in the pokemon universe" sudowoodo
"What do you get when you cross an elephant with a banana?" "|elephant| |banana| sin(θ) n"
"It's difficult to make meaningful relationships when you have a big dick" "I'm just struggling to fit in"
"The sandwich sex!" "A guy went into a brothel for the first time, he was met by an old lady. 

""hello, how can I help you sir?"" said the old lady. 

""well, I'm just bored from normal sex, I wanna try something different..."" 

""would you like to try the sandwich sex?"" 

""sandwich?? Well... Whatever, yes... Let me try"" 

The old lady claps her hands and shout ""please prepare the sandwich in room 5"" and then tell the man to go to room 5.

The guy enters the room, and he sees the most beautiful sexiest woman ever lying on her back on a bed... He immediately takes off his pants and start having sex with her. 

Then, a huge guy with a really large penis enters the room, he jumps on the man while he's having sex, and inserts his penis in his anus and starts having sex with him. 

The man starts shouting ""NOOOO... I DON'T LIKE THE SANDWICH... I JUST WANT NORMAAALLL SEX... PLEAAAASE SOMEONE HELP ME"" 

The old lady comes running to the room ""okay okay... Don't shout... No more sandwich just normal... Ok ok"" 

... and then she pulled the beautiful girl from under him. 



(translated from my native language, sorry for any mistakes)"
"that one kid in cafeteria" "a obese kid started to talk about how he thinks that guys who reads books are nerds another kid comes looks dead in the eyey at the kid and  says ""I geuss i'm a nerd."" 

the obese kid respons whit ""tell me something i don't know freak"" 

the kid reply ""salad tastes good."""
"Guy breaks into a house and finds a married couple in bed." "He drags the husband out and ties him up. As he's tying the wife up he kisses her neck and then goes to the bathroom.

The husband says "" He's wearing prison issue clothes and must have escaped. He probably hasn't been with a woman  for a while and I saw him kiss your neck. If he wants to fuck you and have you suck his dick, just let him, it's our best chance of surviving this. Stay strong, I love you honey.""

At that point, the wife says ""He didn't kiss my neck, he whispered  your husband's cute, have you got any lube? I said yes, in the bathroom. You stay strong, I love you honey."""
"Young Susie struggles to stay awake in religious studies." "The teacher asks her who created the universe? Susie, eyes closed, doesn't answer. Billy, sat behind, pokes her in the back with the sharp point of his compass. Susie jumps up and shouts ""God Almighty"". ""Very good"" says teacher.

Later, teacher asks who is our lord and saviour? Again no response, so Billy pokes her hard with the compass. Susie jumps up and shouts ""Jesus Christ"". Teacher says ""Well done"".

Finally the teacher says ""What did Eve say to Adam as she gave birth to their 7th child""? Quick as a flash, Billy stabs Susie's back again with the compass and she jumps up and screams ""If you stick that thing in me again, I'll snap it off and shove it up your fucking ass""."
"Child: ""Officer! Please come quickly! My father and another man have been fighting for an hour!""" "Police Officer: ""What? Why didn't you tell me earlier?""     

Child: ""Until just before my father seemed to be winning."""
"The Legend of the Three Doors" "So, a young man and young woman who are both very adventurous and like to explore, meet each other one day. They hit it off, start dating, and after a while, they get married! Now, both of them are very good at exploration and at finding stuff that's hidden, so they start doing archeological and treasure-hunt stuff, as a hobby that occasionally makes them some money.

Then, one day, they catch a rumor from a credible source. The rumor is of the ""Legend of the Three Doors"", and in this legend there is supposedly a reference to a hidden temple in or around the Amazon Rainforest, filled with priceless treasures. 

The couple are immediately devoted to finding it. They begin searching all over South America and the Amazon, looking for it. They use some of their savings to outsource some of the searching, and they toil for years and years trying to find it, but neither them nor their employees ever do.

So they give up, move back to their hometown in the United States, and have three sons. They teach their sons to be adventurous and to explore, just like them, and all three grow up with a love of finding the hidden secrets and treasures in the world.

Then, right after the youngest brother finally turns 18, they both get in a terrible car crash. They aren't killed immediately, but the doctors say they're going to die within 3 days. So the brothers spend their parents' last moments on Earth with them.

Right before the two parents pass away, they tell their sons of the Legend of the Three Doors, how they heard of it, how they toiled to find it, but never did. They implore their sons to continue their search after they die.

So the parents die only a few minutes apart, soon after, and the brothers immediately set out to begin this hunt. They gather a small fortune over the next few months, and then travel to South America, doing everything they can think of, especially if their parents hadn't done it before. They hitch rides on other expeditions in the Amazon and spend any free time searching for the temple, they do as their parents did and outsource some of the work, they try everything.

One day, they're searching in a very dense part of the rainforest. It's been 8 years since they started searching, and they're talking about whether they could keep searching. The middle brother points out that their savings are almost used up, and they can't go on searching without going into huge amounts of debt. They're on the verge of giving up right that second.

But then, they find it! They notice a large stone door hidden in a small space under a cliff, and they go inside.

After descending a staircase, they reach an antechamber with, lo and behold, three doors.

On the first door, there's a minimalistic drawing of a water droplet. On the second, a similarly-styled drawing of a flame. But on the third... there is only a question mark.

After a few minutes where they all ponder how to proceed, the youngest brother, who loves to take risks and especially seeks the unknown, says, ""Screw this waiting around. I'm going in."" At random, he picks the first door, the one with the water on it. After going down a small staircase, he goes into a room filled with priceless artifacts- many pieces of gold and diamonds, which would be worth a lot of money on their own, as well as many priceless historical artifacts. In the room, many of the artifacts are painted blue, and there are many blue sapphires in the collection.

He starts gathering as much as he can, exclaiming, ""Holy shit! We're gonna be rich!""

But as he is gathering, he notices that the room has started filling with water. He ignores it at first, but then it accelerates. He hurries to get as much as he can, and then starts running up the stairs with his bag full of artifacts as the water starts rushing into the room, and he's terrified, but he manages to get up the stairs just in time and close the door, before the water gets through as well.

Then, the middle brother, who likes to seek the unknown as well, but also likes to follow the rules or the precedent, says, ""Hey, if that was the water room, how bad can the fire room be?"" And he goes through the fire door. This time, after the stairs, there are many artifacts, including bright red rubies and many things painted orange. He carefully watches the room for any fire, and eventually, he notices it! He gathers up as much as he can, then flees up the stairs as the fire transforms into a fireball that he barely closes the door on before it kills him.

The eldest brother realizes he's the only one who hasn't gone through a door, braces himself, and goes through the question mark door. Same story- small staircase, lots of priceless artifacts, this time with no particular color emphasis, though there is a lot of wood in the structure of the chamber, unlike the other two. He gathers up as much as he can, never letting his guard down, but nothing happens. The three brothers all leave the temple with millions of dollars worth of stuff in their bags.

So they all split the fortune into thirds between them, and live in luxury for the rest of their lives.

But then, on the five-year anniversary of their discovery, something terrible happens. The middle and eldest brother receive the news that the youngest brother, while relaxing on the beach, was killed my a mysterious tsunami. However, no one else was killed or injured in the disaster.

The brothers are a little shaken, but figure it's just a coincidence.

Then, on the ten-year anniversary of their discovery, the middle brother is killed in a house fire. He is the only casualty in the accident- well, him and one of his mansions.

The eldest brother freaks. He spends all his fortune buying an old fort, renovating it, and making it as secure as possible. After 4 and a half more years have passed, he stops ever leaving the safety of the fort.

On the 15-year anniversary of their discovery, he's too anxious to even blink. He reminds all his guards and security to be as alert as possible.

As the sun starts setting on that day, he figures maybe he's safe- both of the other brothers died in midmorning.

But then, his outermost scout signals him on the radio. ""Uhh, sir, we're seeing a-"" and then, with a burst of static, it goes quiet, and no one can raise the scout. He raises his other guards, and eventually one of them signals him. ""Sir, we found something. It's a large wooden coffin, slowly levitating towards the fort.

He freaks. He figures this is his destiny, to be somehow killed by the coffin. He immediately withdraws into the lower levels of his fort. One by one, the guards and cameras start going dark. He hears screaming and crashing, and starts going down, down, down through the levels of the fort that he's never been in. He hears more screaming and destruction, even gunshots and explosions, getting closer to him.

He finally gets as low as he can, and locks himself in an old, dingy bathroom. As he hears the destruction nearing him, he searches around the bathroom, looking for anything he can. All there is, is the toilet, a sink that barely works, an empty soap dispenser, and a medicine cabinet with some random supplies in it- band-aids, cough drops, benadryl, and a few things he doesn't recognize.

As he cowers in the bathroom, he finally hears it. **THUMP. THUMP. THUMP.** The bathroom door is being broken down! He nearly dies of a heart attack on the spot, and then finally, the door comes down, and there's the damn coffin! He freaks out, oh god, oh god, it's getting closer, it's getting closer, on an impulse, he starts throwing things at the coffin, the toilet paper, the soap dispenser, even the faucet comes off and he hurls it, but to no effect. He flings open the medicine cabinet and starts throwing things- the tylenol, the bandaids, but nothing happens. Finally as the coffin is close enough to touch him, he grabs the cough drops, winds back his arm with all his force, and throws them at the coffin!

And the coffin stops."
"Guy says to a Blonde girl." "I bet I can guess when you were born just by fondling your tits,

no way says the Blonde, go on then, so 20 minutes later the 

Blonde says OK when was I born?

Guy says: Yesterday."
"Yo moma so poor" "She can't afford to pay attention"
"Here is a British joke about Americans crossing the road:" "The idea of jaywalking makes me cross."
"You are so ugly" "That your mom, instead of giving you the breast, she gave you the back."
"I finished last and got a grade of F-minus at the chemistry pun competition..." "Isn't that ionic?.."
"I saw a joke written on the side of a blimp" "It went over my head."
"How many sorority girls does it take to change a light bulb?" "10

One to change the bulb and nine to make t shirts for the event."
"A: “When I said I needed space, this isn’t what I had in mind.”" "Q:What did Mackenzie say to Jeffrey Bezos?"
"I got pretty sick after eating some raw salmon" "It’s a bad case of chickenella."
"My house has so many fucking rats!" "That's why there's so many fucking rats!"
"A lady has to take the sleeper train home ..." "... and after locating her seat, she finds that she has to share a carriage with a drunkard noisily eating some prawns.

As she sits down, the drunkard proposes that they have a quickie in the cabin, which she politely rejects.

The man doesn’t take the rejection too well, and gets aggressive. 

The woman sits silently as he jeers and taunts her, all the while snacking on the prawns and tossing the shells in her general direction. 

After the last prawn, the woman gets up, takes the empty container from the drunkard and picks up every single shell on the ground, finally opening the window and tossing the lot out.

The man watches her silently, and finally mutters “dumb bitch, they’ll fine you for littering.”

The woman smiles back sweetly, and replies, “When they smell your fingers, I think the littering is going to be the least of their concerns.”"
So, "&amp;#x200B;

a man wakes up in a dingy slum with no memory of how he got there. He wanders around aimlessly before he finds even one person who will talk to him. Some ratty beggar on the street turns out to be nice enough to explain where he is.

""You're in the afterlife!"" he tells the man, ""But you must have been a real shithead when you were alive, because this is the fourth ring, and only the worst people come here.""

All of a sudden, a siren goes off, one of those air-raid things. The man is terrified but the beggar gets up calmly and leads him to a big, dilapidated warehouse where thousands of other similarly unkempt souls are gathering. When the man asks why they're all here, the beggar points to a line of folding tables against the wall. Each table has some moldy bread, cups of dingy water, and some bowls of broth so thin they could have just run out of cups. Only then does the man realize how hungry he is. A guard in heavy body armor blows a whistle and all the people arrange themselves into three lines.

The beggar is helpful enough to explain them for the man. ""That one's the bread line, that's the broth line, and that's the water line. All the food here is free, but if you want to get out of this maggot hole, you've got to work, because the gate guards into the third ring ask five hundred dollars to get through. I've heard the food is better there.""

So the man gets his food. It's abominable, and right then and there, he vows to make five hundred dollars and get into the third ring. Unfortunately for him, very few people need work in the afterlife, especially when all of them are saving up to emigrate. Even still, after ten years of hard work, eating the moldy bread and indistinguishable soup and water, he finally saves up enough money. The guards let him through and he finds himself in the third ring. It's nothing too fancy, if anything, it's a bit below average for a real city, but to his eyes it is paradise. All the guards look much friendlier, and the houses and buildings, while not spacious or lavish, are at least up to code. And to his surprise, he runs right into a familiar former beggar as he crosses the street.

""What are the odds?"" they both ask and they get to conversing. The beggar, it turns out, only managed to make it in himself a few months back. Their conversation is interrupted, however, by what sounds like a school bell. When the man seems confused, the beggar leads him to what looks like a giant gymnasium. Here, people are gathering once again, and the man begins to understand. On a line of folding tables against one wall are stacks of hot dogs, big bowls of salad, and solo cups full of fresh lemonade. A cop shouts for everyone's attention and directs them all to stand in three lines. The beggar smiles at the man's wonder and points to each line in turn. ""That's the hot dog line, that's the salad line, and that's the lemonade line."" The man gets in each line in turn and gets himself his lunch.

While he's eating, basking in joy at not being stuck with old bread and water, the beggar encourages him, ""The best part is, halfway through the year, they switch from hot dogs, salad, and lemonade to chicken, chili, and hot chocolate. You can never get tired of it!""

Sadly, this proved not to be true. After only a few days, the man did again get tired of the same meal every day. But he knew firsthand that he could change his lot, so one day he went up to the wall of the second circle. This time the guards were asking for ten thousand dollars. Well, the man didn't like it, but he figured he had his whole afterlife ahead of him now that he was out of the fourth circle, and he could certainly take some time to save up. After ten years of hard work, it wasn't too difficult for him to keep up the work ethic, and only twenty years later, he went back to the guards of the second ring with the money in hand. He went through the gate and found himself in a glittering, clean city full of glass and steel.

And wouldn't you know it, but there, standing across the street was the same beggar, only now he was wearing a well-fitted suit. The man greeted the beggar as an old friend and they started talking again. Once again, their conversation was interrupted, only this time it was by beautiful church bells. ""Come,"" the beggar told him, ""I'll take you to the evening meal."" So the man followed and they entered a glamorous ballroom filled with beautiful attendees. Even the cops here looked good, dressed in suits and sunglasses like bodyguards. And sure enough, piled onto platters on huge mahogany tables against the far wall were plates of steak, bowls of the most delicious seafood soups, and glasses of champagne. One of the bodyguards cleared his throat loudly and politely requested that the attendees line up. Three lines were formed and the beggar pointed each line out in turn. ""That's the steak line, that's the soup line, and that's the champagne line,"" and then he added, ""and apparently here, they change the meals FOUR times a year!""

The man rejoiced, ate, and was happy, and for once felt that nothing was lacking. Four changes a year was enough for him. But one day, out of curiosity, he went up to the bodyguards that guarded the gate into the first and final ring of the afterlife and found they were asking for a million dollars to pass. Well the man was a bit disturbed by this, after all, the second ring seemed perfect to him. ""What is it,"" he thought, ""that could possibly be more wonderful than what I have here?"" That question haunted him for weeks until he came to a conclusion. He was used to working hard and he had all of eternity to save up, so he wanted, just once to see what he could possibly be missing in the first ring.

Fifty years later, he returned to the guards with a million dollars. When he stepped into the first ring he fell to his knees. The architecture was glorious and inhuman, and the bodyguard had turned into shining angels. To his surprise, someone helped him up off the street and when he looked, he realized he recognized who it was--it was the beggar he met in the fourth ring, adorned in a golden robe and glowing, and when he looked down at himself he realized he looked much the same.

The beggar laughed jovially. ""I got here only three years ago myself, but somehow I knew you would be right here behind me. I've come back to this gate every day waiting for you to make it in!"" Suddenly, the air was filled with the sound of angelic choirs and the beggar led the man off to a gigantic palace made of crystal and cloud. The room was filled with radiant citizens of the first circle and angels prepared everything. Sure enough, there was a line of massive altars against one wall, spilling over with glistening golden dragon meat, a pudding refined from clouds and dew and silk, and an ice cold tub of ambrosia and nectar ladled out individually into blindingly beautiful crystalline chalices. An angel fluttered from the ceiling and bowed silently to the assembled mass, who bowed respectfully back and then broke themselves into their lines on their own.

Smiling at the tradition, the beggar pointed to the first line. ""That's the line for the dragon meat,"" he said before turning to the next line, ""and that's the line for angeldust stew,"" then he paused, confused.

""What is it?"" the man asked his old friend.

The beggar replied, ""There appears to be no punchline."""
"What did the tarantula say to the chef?" "Idk, someone finish this joke for me"
"I was circumcised yesterday." "The doctor did such a good job I left him a tip."
"How many communists does it take to change a light bulb?" "Not a single one, there is nothing wrong with the light bulb."
"If germany were to seperate from the EU," "would their currency then be Mk. 2?"
"What does the receptionist at a sperm bank say as clients leave?" "Thanks for coming!"
"How do you call a Designer who used to be a Lawyer?" "A Hex Lawyer."
"An Admiral is giving a test scenario to a new Captain." """Alright,"" says the Admiral, starting the examination, ""Here's the scenario: You are close to the shore, and a massive bout of wind is driving your ship towards the rocks. What do you do?""

""Well I'd probably attach a few reserve sails to the starboard side and see if I could turn her.""

""Its impossible lad,"" The admiral says. ""The wind is too strong, your ship is still being blown towards the rocks. What do you do?""

Again, the new Captain says ""I'd probably attach a few more sails to the starboard side, sir.""

""Alright fine"", says the Admiral. ""You do this, but the wind still picks up more. What do you do?

""Attach more sails to the starboard side, sir""

The Admiral loses his temper. ""Where on earth are you getting all these sails from!?""

""The same place you're getting all your wind from."""
"Old fridge" "A guy bought a new fridge for his house.

To get rid of his old fridge, he put it in his front yard and hung a sign on it saying, “Free to good home — you want it you take it.”

For three days, the fridge sat there without even one person looking twice at it.

He eventually decided that people were rather skeptical about such a good deal, so he changed the sign to read, “Fridge for sale, $50.”

The next day, someone stole it."
"A happy marriage" "A man and woman had been married for more than sixty years. They had shared everything They had talked about everything. They had kept no secrets from each other, except that the little old woman had a shoe box in the top of her closet that she had cautioned her husband never to open or ask her about. 

For all of these years, he had never thought about the box, but one day, the little old woman got very sick, and the doctor said she would not recover in trying to sort out their affairs, the little old man took down the shoe box and took it to his wife's bedside. She agreed that it was time that he should know what was in the box.

 When he opened it, he found two crocheted dolls and a stack of money totaling $95,000 He asked her about the contents.
 ""When we were to be married,"" she said, ""my strandmothe told me the secret of a happy marriage was to never argue. She told me that if I ever got angry with you, I should just keep quiet and crochet a doll"" The little old man was so moved; he had to fight back tears. Only two precious dolls were in the box. She had only been angry with him two times in all those years of living and loving. He almost burst with happiness.

 ""Honey,"" he said, ""that explains the dolls, but what about all of this money? Where did it come from?""

 ""Oh,"" she said. ""That's the money I made from selling the dolls."""
"Friend went skydiving" "I was talking to my neighbor, he just got back from a trip out West. I asked him how things went and he said, ""Lisa and I went on a trip for our anniversary and decided to try skydiving. I'd never done it before, I thought I would like it, but then I had second thoughts. We got up in the plane and flew over the jump site and everyone was jumping out. Lisa said, 'I love you,' and jumped out, but I couldn't get myself to do it, I was terrified.""

""You just flew back down then?"" I asked.

""No, the guy in the plane got really mad at me. He shouted, 'You fucking coward, jump out of this plane!' and was trying to push me out of the plane but I wouldn't let go. He forced me over to the doorway and I was half out of the plane but I wouldn't jump, I was so scared and started crying.""

""That's terrible,"" I said.

""It gets worse. The guy was yelling and twisting my fingers so I'd let go, and I was weeping at this point. He said, 'Get the hell out of this plane right now! and if you don't stop crying like a woman I'm going to take out my dick and fuck you like a woman! Now jump!'""

""Did you jump?"" I asked.

""At first, but then I kind of liked it."""
"what's the difference between a lima bean and a chickpea" "i've never asked a lima to bean in my mouth"
"What did one saggy boob say to the other?" "  “If we don’t get some support soon, people are going to think we’re nuts.”"
"I'm filling in for my friend who got hung over from yesterday's drinking.." "His patients wont be thrilled if they knew I never went to Dental College"
"Accidents involving ice-cream trucks are very rare.." "But they always result in the tragic loss of hundreds and thousands."
"Only in Florida" "Two men in Florida get pulled over by a cop.

Cop walks over to the driver and says, ""We're looking for 2 child molesters.""

Driver looks over at his passenger for a moment, then turns back to the cop:
""We'll do it."""
"I like my uterus how I like my calories…" empty.
"As a senior citizen was driving down the freeway, his car phone rang." "Answering, he heard his wife’s voice urgently warning him.

“Herman, I just heard on the news that there’s a car going the wrong way on 280 interstate. Please be careful!”

“It’s not just one car,” said Herman. “It’s hundreds of them!”"
"Most people think incest jokes are offensive" "But I find them to be family friendly myself."
"What do you get when you mix human DNA and goat DNA?" "You get kicked out of the petting zoo."
"What's a Catholic priest's favorite album?" "Certified Boy Lover"
"Babies don’t come from storks…" "They come from two adults who are interested in each other, go out for a nice evening, probably see a movie, eat a nice dinner, and then have a cream pie before calling it a night."
"You hear about that girl that only has sex with clowns?" "She’s fucking bonkers."
"Every gift I give to a friend looks different" "Because I’m a freestyle wrapper"
"The semen races towards the eggs with abandon [NSFW]" "and my brother says ""once again, you've managed to ruin Easter"
"Everyone in my building is mad that I clean every day" "I should have remembered,

Neighbors abhor a vacuum"
"A blonde, brunette, and redhead mom go to a cafe...." "They had each stolen their daughters purses to see what their girls did in their free time. 

The redhead mom opens her daughters purse first and finds a pack of cigarettes. “Oh my God, Debbie smokes! I am going to kill her!” 

The brunette mom opens her daughter’s purse second, holding up a half-smoked joint. “Lindsay smokes pot?! How could she?!” 

The blonde mom rifles through her daughter’s purse next and pulls out an empty condom wrapper. The other moms stare at her for a few moments before she puts her hand over her mouth. “Holy shit... Cindy has a dick.”"
"I was walking down the street with a friend of mine...." "I saw an old computer monitor by the curb at the end of someone's driveway. I figured that maybe, the monitor still worked, but the owner had simply upgraded to a 4k monitor. However, when I took a closer look at it, the original owner had gotten the Blue Screen of Death so many times, that the error text was burned into the screen. So I shook my head and said ""He must have had a Dell""."
"Thanks to God." "Two hillbillies decide to go out deer hunting.  The one hillbilly, Billy Bob, is already pretty shit-faced.  It’s not long before the beer-shits hit him and he needs to excuse himself.   He finds himself a spot, drops trow, but is so fucked up, promptly falls forward, passed out, with his ass in the air.

Bobby Jim, has all the luck.  He’s already shot himself a pretty buck, guts him, puts them in a bucket, throws the buck over his shoulder and makes his way back to the truck.  On the way there he sees Billy Bob, ass up.  He chuckles and throws the deer guts behind his ass and goes back to the truck and waits. 

And waits.

Finally Billy Bob shows up, looking concerned and white faced.

“What’s wrong?”

“Well,” Billy Bob says, “I had to shit so bad, I shit my guts out!  But thanks to God and a good stick, I got them back!”"
"Why did the plane land on the house?" "Because somebody left the landing lights on"
"If you post lame jokes you really need Jesus" "Only Jesus can heal the lame"
"What Do You Call A Schizophrenic Nun?" Psycho-sis
"What do you do with a dog with no legs?" "Tale it for a drag."
"A husband comes home to his wife after being fired from the fruit factory..." "His wife asks him ""So what happened?""

The husband explains ""I often get bored at work and today my mind was wandering and I thought to myself 'what would happen if I stuck my penis inside the fruit slicer?'""

The wife is clearly blind-sided by this confession and doesn't know what to say next. Eventually she says to him ""That was an incredibly stupid and unsafe thing to do but at least you're all in one piece.""

The husband appreciates his wife's response and says ""I suppose you're right.""

To lighten the mood the wife asks cheerfully ""So what happened to the fruit slicer?""

The husband takes a moment and says ""Oh, she was fired too."""
"A joke my Polish friend loved." "[Full of errors I'm sure. On to the brilliant joke.]

A polish farmeris tilling his field. It's another beautiful spring day when suddenly his plough hits something. Upon inspection he sees that it's some sort of golden lamp. He dusts it off and a genie comes out of it and says to the humble polish farmer ""Thank you for awakening me. I had been trapped for over a thousand years and as a reward I shall give you three wishes"".

The farmer of course is shocked by this and asks the genie to prove what he claims. With the snap of a finger from the genie, all of the farmers fields are ploughed and planted and with another snap it's back to normal. The polish farmer is very excited and thinks of all the wonderful things this genie could do to improve his life and the lives of his people. After thinking for a few days the farmer tells the genie ""I finally know what my wishes shall be.""

""Great!"" Says the genie.

""First, I wish china to invade Poland!"", exclaims the farmer.

Perplexed, the genie asks, ""But this is Poland, is it not?""

""Yes"", replies the farmer, ""And I wish that China would invade.""

""...Okay.""

The genie snaps his finger. Days later sirens are heard all over the country and planes black out the sky as they carpet bomb the country. Refugees are pouring through the country roads looking for food and shelter and a place to burry their dead children and loved ones. The polish farmer is smiling ear to ear and snickering as he helps these poor people any way he can.

""Well, what is your second wish?""

""I wish Poland to be invaded by china!"" Shouts the farmer through his laughter.

""That wish has already happened, what is your second wish?"" Said the genie, slightly annoyed.

""That is my second wish."" Laughed the farmer

""Very well, your wish is my command."" And the genie snaps his fingers. Again, a few days later, the sirens that still stand are heard throughout the country. Chinese soldiers and war machines quickly and surgically sweep through the country, burning and destroying the rest of the metropolitan areas. Again, though fewer, refugees clog the country roads looking for food and shelter. This time the polish farmer is crying from laughter and helps these people any way he can.

The genie reappears, though visibly worried by this farmer. Anxious to be done with this man, he says ""What be your third wish?

Laughing the farmer says ""I wish China to invade Poland!"" 

""I mean I always heard you people up north were a little nuts but this is insane. Why not rebuild the damage done? Or wealth for your country to rebuild or food for the starving people?""

""No, I wish China to invade Poland!""

""As you have said, so shall it be done."" And the genie snaps his fingers.

Days later, the last siren near the man's farm is warning what few people left of the invasion. The Chinese forces come by plane, boat, and armored vehicles destroying what little left there is and even burning the farmers fields before they leave.

The farmer is rolling on the ground, laughing uncontrollably, hardly able to breathe. The genie can't figure out why this man wanted such terror brought upon his own people so he asks the farmer ""Sir, our contract has expired and I am returning home, but first, I have to asks, why do you hate Poland so much?""

The man stops laughing and his face becomes very serious as he barks,  ""How dare you?! I love Poland more than my own family and life itself. I love my country more than any other person to have existed!""

Confused the genie asks ""Then why did you wish for China to invade Poland three times?""

The farmers face lights up and his uncontrollable laughter resumes. Between gasps he tells the genie ""Because, they had to go through Russia first!"""
"A duck walks into a bar... (not that one)" "A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich.

The barman looks at him and says, “hang on! You’re a duck.”

“I see your eyes are working,” replies the duck.

“And you can talk!” exclaims the barman.

“I see your ears are working, too,” says the Duck.  “Now if you don’t mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?”

“Certainly, sorry about that” says the barman as he pulls the duck’s pint.  “It ‘s just we don’t get many ducks in this pub.. What are you doing round this way?”

“I’m working on the building site across the road,” explains the duck.  “I’m a plasterer.”

The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it.

So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves.

The same thing happens for two weeks.

Then one day the circus comes to town.

The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him “you’re with the circus, aren’t you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!”

“Sounds marvelous,” says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. “Get him to give me a call.”

So the next day when the Duck comes into the pub the barman says, “hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money.”

“I’m always looking for the next job,” says the duck.  “Where is it?”

“At the circus,” says the barman.

“The circus?” repeats the duck.

“That’s right,” replies the barman.

“The circus?” the duck asks again. “With the big tent?”

“Yeah,” the barman replies.

“With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?” says the duck.

“Of course,” the barman replies.

“And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?” persists the duck.

“That’s right!” says the barman.

The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says ..

“What the f*ck would they want with a plasterer??!”"
"Hanibal the Bull" "Once upon a time there was a bull named Hanibal, he lived on a field next to a field with cows. The fields were seperated by barbed wire. One day Hanibal wanted to visit the cows, so he took a run and jumped over the wire. ""Hey Hanibal, Hanibal"" shouted the cows, welcoming their friend, who replied: ""You can say Hani, my balls still on the wire...!"""
"Horny Charlie!" "Charlie marries a virgin. 

On their wedding night, he's on fire, and wants some dirty fun so he gets naked, jumps into bed, and immediately begins groping her.

 ""Charles, I expect you to be as mannerly in bed as you are at the dinner table."" 

So, Charlie folds his hands on his lap and says, ""Is this better?""

 ""Much better!"" she replies with a smile.

 ""Okay, then,"" he says, ""now will you please pass the pussy."""
"A man is visiting Egypt and throws out his back.." "He takes a taxi and shows up to an elegant-looking office in the city and slowly hobbles inside.

""Hello, how can I help you?"" beams a well-dressed gentleman. The man responds, ""You gotta help me.. I really hurt my back this morning.""

""Were you in an accident?"" the proprietor asks.  
""No, I just threw it out.. it really hurts. Can you do something about it?"" the man replies.

A bit confused, the gentleman offers, ""I suppose I could recommend you a chiropractor.""

""Aren't you the chiropractor? The taxi driver brought me here when I asked him.."" 

""Oh.. there must have been a misunderstanding.  I'm the Cairo Proctor."""
"A dwarf and his friend are at a bar" "His friend asks:

""So, your girlfriend is Chinese, right? How did you manage that?""

The dwarf replies:

""Well, you know what they say,






A little goes a Wong way."""
"What is more terrible than dead?" "Get so tired and want to die"
"How does a stupid person change a lightbulb?" "Well, come on, are you gunnu just keep sitting there or are you gunnu tell us?"
"How to find a woman" "A  single guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. ""Intelligence is the first  thing I look for in a woman,"" he tells the bartender. ""Because if she  doesn't  have that I  just might have a chance."""
"What do you call small splinters in your thermal underwear?" "Long John slivers"
"What begins with the letter W?" Yes
"Elvis may have stolen rock n roll from black people..." "
But black people stole getting pissed off about stepping on their shoes from Elvis."
"A Pessimist, An Optimist . . ." "A PESSIMIST can see a dark tunnel.

An OPTIMIST can see a light at the very end of tunnel.  

&gt;!A REALIST can see a long train moving forward.  !&lt;

&gt;!The TRAIN DRIVER can see 3 idiots standing on the tracks !&lt;"
"What’s worse than sitting on Santa’s lap and he gets a woody?" "When he stands up and you don’t slide off."
"He motioned her to come over with a wiggle of his finger." "As she walked over he turned to his friend and said, see I can make a woman come with just one finger."
"How do you get every mother?" "You take the sum from Minimum to Maximum."
"What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?" "I've never had a garbanzo bean on me!"
"Real or Fake???" "### Real or fake

I walked into the store the other day, and immediately noticed the girl working there. She was conventionally attractive and had really big breasts. I mean, really big.  


I was just there to browse around, but I couldn't help myself. Something made me go over to this girl, and I nervously asked,  


""Excuse me, sorry if I'm being rude, but... are those real or fake?""  


Strangely, she didn't seem surprised at all, she just smiled and said,  


""You know, I get asked that a lot. You're probably the fifth today.""  


""Really? Well, that's a relief. I thought it might have a strange question. It's just... I know they're probably fake, they just look so real!""  


""They do, don't they?""  


""And so big!""  


""Well, you can get them in all sizes. But I like a bit of fullness.""  


""I agree. If you're already doing it, may as well go all the way!""  


""That's right! They're not cheap, and you'll only do it once in your life anyway.""  


""Yes! But really, even standing this close I can't tell they're not real. This is amazing!""  


""Well, I see them every day, but even I am fascinated sometimes!""  


""Good to hear, because I always thought it was kind of cheap.""  


""Cheap?""  


""I mean, normally you can tell it's plastic from a mile away, but this time I had to get really close before I could tell.""  


""Like I said, you're not the first. I've had lots of guys here today who just stand there and stare. But I know what they're thinking.""  


""OK, well... do you think I could... this may sound weird, but can I touch them? Just to check how they feel?""  


""Sure, go ahead, touch all you want!""  


I gently stroked my hand over them, squeezed a little, and closed my eyes to imagine the real thing. I couldn't tell the difference.  


""Wow, they even feel real!""  


""Yes!""  


""I've always been opposed, thinking it was just crap.""  


""Well, they've come a long way. But you get what you pay for.""  


""Still though, I'm not 100% convinced...""  


""I used to think the same, but since I made the investment last year I haven't regretted once.""  


""But what about the smell?""  


""Of course, you don't get the same smell, but on the other hand they're more allergy friendly. Plus you don't have to deal with creepy crawlers.""  


""Oh, I didn't think of that. Well, you got me. I'm going for fake!""  


And that's how I bought my first plastic Christmas tree..."
"I don’t usually tell dad jokes…" "But when I do he laughs."
"Instead of the keto diet, I'm losing weight with the Kato diet" "I have to wear green eyeshades and spar with my karate-chopping partner."
"So, I took this Liverpool (UK) girl out to a vegetarian restaurant" "I said, “Do you like avocado?”
She said, “No, I aven’t even passed me driving test yet”"
"Then Ok!" "Dad: ""I want you to marry a girl of my choice."" 

Son: ""No."" 

Dad: ""The girl is Bill Gate's daughter."" 

Son: ""Then Ok!"" \*\* 

\*\* Dad goes to Bill Gates. \*\*

 Dad: ""I want your daughter to marry my son."" 

Bill Gates: ""No."" 

Dad: ""My son is the CEO of the World Bank."" 

Bill Gates: ""Then ok!"" 

\*\*Dad goes to the President of the World Bank. \*\* 

Dad: ""Appoint my son as the CEO of your bank."" 

President: ""No!"" 

Dad: ""He is the son-in-law of Bill Gates."" 

President: ""Then OK."""
"A guy goes to a psychic so he can find out what future has in store for him." "After a few minutes the psychic tells him he will be responsible of milions of deaths.

The guy then leaves, very worried about what he just heard. While walking down the street, he sees a car going very fast towards a little boy and it was looking like the boy will get hit.

He runs to the boy and saves him in the last minute, feeling a lot of goodness in his heart. Then he asks the boy: "" What is your name buddy?""


Adolf. Adolf Hitler"
"Why did Californians start learning German in 1849?" " Because there was gold in dem *(=der)* hills."
"What does a jet pilot have in common with his plane?" "They both blow a lot of hot air."
"What do you call a man with no shins?" Tony.
"Gordon Ramsay is talking to a magic chicken" "MC: Hey Ramsay do you know the best way to serve my kind?

GR: There are many wonderful ways to serve chicken, what would you say is the best?

MC: *strips*

GR: *stares in horror and outrage* This food pun is so pedestrian it just tried to cross the fucking road!"
"What’s the difference between the crucifixion of Jesus and a painting of Jesus?" "It only takes one nail to hang the painting."
"An American and a Soviet Russian were discussing the benefits of each country." "The American says ""I like America because if I don't like the way things are going, I can walk into the White House, go up to the president's desk, and say 'Mr. President, I don't like the way you're running this country'  
The Russian says ""It's the same in the USSR! If I don't like the way things are going, I can go to the Kremlin Presidium, walk right up to the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, and say 'Members of the Presidium, I do not like the way that the American president is running his country'"""
"My wife calls me ""The Dishes.""" "Because she doesn't them."
"What's it called when a girl thinks about becoming a prostitute?" "A Thot process."
"Taser Gun" "Last weekend I saw something at Costco that sparked my interest.

The occasion was our 15th anniversary and I was looking for a little
something extra for my wife, Julie. What I came across was a 100,000-volt,
pocket/purse-sized tazer. The effects of the tazer were supposed to be short
lived, with no long-term adverse affect on your assailant, allowing her
adequate time to retreat to safety....??

WAY TOO COOL! Long story short, I bought the device and brought it home. I
loaded two AAA batteries in the darn thing and pushed the
button. Nothing! I was disappointed. I learned, however, that if I pushed
the button and pressed it against a metal surface at the same time,
I'd get the blue arc of electricity darting back and forth between the
prongs.

AWESOME!!!

Unfortunately, I have yet to explain to Julie what that burn spot is on the
face of her microwave.

Okay, so I was home alone with this new toy, thinking to myself that it
couldn't be all that bad with only two AAA batteries, right? There I sat
in my recliner, my cat Gracie looking on intently (trusting little soul)
while I was reading the directions and thinking that I really needed to try
this thing out on a flesh &amp; blood moving target. I must admit I thought
about zapping Gracie (for a fraction of a second) and then thought better of
it. She is such a sweet cat. But, if I was going to give this thing to my
wife to protect herself against a mugger, I did want some assurance that it
would work as advertised. Am I wrong?

So, there I sat in a pair of shorts and a tank top with my reading glasses
perched delicately on the bridge of my nose, directions in one hand, and
tazer in another. The directions said that a one-second burst would shock
and disorient your assailant; a two-second burst was supposed to
cause muscle spasms and a major loss of bodily control; and a three-second
burst would purportedly make your assailant flop on the ground
like a fish out of water. Any burst longer than three seconds would be
wasting the batteries.

All the while I'm looking at this little device measuring about 5"" long,
less than 3/4 inch in circumference (loaded with two itsy, bitsy AAA
batteries); pretty cute really, and thinking to myself, 'no possible way!'

What happened next is almost beyond description, but I'll do my best....
I'm sitting there alone, Gracie looking on with her head cocked to one side
so as to say, 'Don't do it stupid,' reasoning that a one second burst
From such a tiny li'l ole thing couldn't hurt all that bad. I decided to
give myself a one second burst just for heck of it. I touched the prongs to
my
naked thigh, pushed the button, and....

HOLY MOTHER OF GOD.... WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION . . . WHAT THE......!!

I'm pretty sure Hulk Hogan ran in through the side door, picked me up in the
recliner, then body slammed us both on the carpet, over and
over and over again. I vaguely recall waking up on my side in the fetal
position, with tears in my eyes, body soaking wet, both nipples on fire,
testicles nowhere to be found, with my left arm tucked under my body in the
oddest position, and tingling in my legs!

The cat was making meowing sounds I had never heard before, clinging to a
picture frame hanging above the fireplace, obviously in an attempt
to avoid getting slammed by my body flopping all over the living room.
Note: If you ever feel compelled to 'mug' yourself with a tazer, one note of
caution: there is NO such thing as a one second burst when you zap yourself!
You will not let go of that thing until it is dislodged from your hand by a
violent thrashing about on the floor! A three second burst
would be considered conservative!

A minute or so later (I can't be sure, as time was a relative thing at that
point), I collected my wits (what little I had left), sat up and surveyed
the landscape. My bent reading glasses were on the mantel of the fireplace.
The recliner was upside down and about 8 feet or so from where it originally
was. My triceps, right thigh and both nipples were still twitching. My face
felt like it had been shot up with Novocain, and my
bottom lip weighed 88 lbs. I had no control over the drooling. Apparently I
had crapped in my shorts, but was too numb to know for sure,
and my sense of smell was gone. I saw a faint smoke cloud above my head,
which I believe came from my hair. I'm still looking for my testicles
and I'm offering a significant reward for their safe return!

P.S... My wife can't stop laughing about my experience, loved the gift and
now regularly threatens me with it!

If you think education is difficult, try being stupid!!!

ONLY A MAN WOULD ATTEMPT THIS"
"How do you know a good gynecologist?" "He can wallpaper the hall, stairs and landing through the letterbox!"
"what divides people and animals?" "Mediterranean Sea"
"I've got a video of Alec Baldwin on my phone that is sure to go viral..." "He's cheering ""Let's go Brandon Lee"" !"
"What does a poster and gen Z have in common?" "They're both usually under attack."
"How does a cancer fighter stay positive?" "By channeling all that swelling."
"What do you get when you cross Link inside a Park?" "Linkin Park!"
"I was passionately kissing a Thai woman. I gently slid my hand up her thigh until I reached her panties, then I touched her crotch and I couldn't believe what I felt." "A vagina."
"Why does Santa Claus have a big sack?" "Because he only comes once a year"
Wishes "A young girl was passing her teenage sister's bedroom door when she heard her sister talking. She opened the door slightly and saw her sister lying naked in bed and moaning. One hand was between her legs and the other was on her breasts, She rubbed herself vigorously as she muttered, ""God I need a man. Oh God I need a man...""

The little girl thought it was a strange thing to do, until the next day she heard noises again. This time she looked in and saw a man on top of her sister, and they were both moaning . The little girl gasped and ran to her bedroom.

She threw her clothes off and jumped in bed. As she rubbed herself she chanted, ""Oh God I need a bicycle. Oh God I need a bicycle...."""
"My drug dealer tried to sell me a pair of shoes, but I wasn’t sure what they were laced with." "If I wasn’t careful I might have been tripping all day!"
"Honda has the least pushy dealerships" "You can always leave with your own Accord"
"Honda has the least pushy dealerships" "You can always leave with your own Accord"
"3 things I absolutely hate." "1) lists
2) hypocrisy
3) Irony."
"For my cake day, I'd like to share my favorite joke of all time." "Three guys were walking down the street.

Two of them walked into a bar.

The third guy ducked."
"When fucking a corpse..." "The most difficult thing is to decide which one of you is more rotten."
"What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs, on the floor?" "Mat.


What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs, in the ocean?

Bob.


What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs, in the desert? 

Fucked."
"I recently heard about this young adult novel in which Schrodinger's cat and Pavlov's dog team up for a cross county adventure..." "
 So I took a trip to the library to see if they
 had a copy.


 The librarian said that my description rang a
 bell but she wasn't sure if it was there or not."
"A little quiz." "What mouse walks on 2 feet?

Mickey mouse.

What duck walks on 2 feet?

·ʇoᴉpᴉ ʞɔnp ʎɹǝʌǝ ʻou ʻʞɔnp pʅɐuoꓷ pǝssǝnɓ noʎ ɟI"
"A little quiz" "What mouse walks on 2 feet?

Mickey mouse.

What duck walks on 2 feet?

·ʇoᴉpᴉ ʞɔnp ɓuᴉʞɔnɟ ʎɹǝʌǝ ʻou ʻʞɔnp 
pʅɐuoꓷ pǝssnǝɓ noʎ ɟI"
"What song Joe Biden can't stand?" "Stairway to heaven"
"Prince Charles is currently isolating with Covid-19" "


Prince Andrew is isolating with Emily - 16"
"Why didn't RAM get the girl" "Because the CPU had cache"
"Give a Man a Fish and You Will Feed Him for a Day." "Teach a man to fish and he will spend a fortune on gear he will only use twice a year."
"I was admiring my aunt’s necklace when she surprised me by announcing, “I’m leaving it to you in my will.”" "I was overjoyed, perhaps too much.  “Oh!” I shouted. “I’m looking forward to that!”"
"Dave and the barber" "So this guy Dave is in getting a haircut. He tells the barber, “I’m going on a three week vacation to Europe.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“You’re going to hate it. Everything is so completely different than it is here. They will hear your accent and screw you over on the exchange rate, no matter what bank you go to.”

“How do you know? Have you ever been there?”

“No, but I’ve heard.”

“Well, I’m going anyway. I’m going to spend six days in London.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“You’re going to hate it. They drive on the wrong side of the road. The food is horrible. You can’t even get a proper breakfast.”

“How do you know? Have you ever been there?”

“No, but I’ve heard.”

“Well, I’m going anyway. Then I’m going to spend six days in Paris.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“You’re going to hate it. They don’t like Americans. They’re all going to pretend they don’t speak English and no one’s going to help you.”

“How do you know? Have you ever been there?”

“No, but I’ve heard.”

“Well, I’m going anyway. Then I’m going to spend six days in Rome.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“You’re going to hate it. All the scooters on the road and they don’t watch where they’re going. There’s too many hills and not enough taxis and all the roads are in horrendous condition.“

“How do you know? Have you ever been there?”

“No, but I’ve heard.”

“Well, I’m going anyway. I’ll let you know how it went when I get back.”

Three weeks later, Dave goes back to the barbershop, all smiles. He says to the barber, “I had an absolutely incredible vacation! The exchange rate at the bank was exactly what I expected it to be, no matter where I went.“

“I don’t believe you.“

“I spent six days in London, and it was amazing. I got to tour Buckingham Palace. I even had an audience with the Queen herself. The food was great, and I didn’t have to drive anywhere because I had complementary taxi service through my hotel.”

“I don’t believe you.”

“Then I spent six days in Paris, and it was wonderful. Everyone was so polite and helpful, and people would ask me if I knew this-and-such celebrity or athlete. I even got to meet with the Prime Minister of France that Sunday for lunch.”

“I don’t believe you.”

“Then I spent six days in Rome, and it was absolutely incredible. The food, oh my, was to die for. The hotel set me up on guided tours of wherever I wanted to go. They even arranged an audience with the Pope for me.”

“I don’t believe you.”

“Would you like to know what we talked about?“

“Well, yeah, of course.“

“The first thing the Pope said to me was, ‘Who gave you that awful haircut?’”"
"Masks really are ruining everything" "I went to a comedy show and the performer did his whole bit with a mask on. It really did ruin the whole show.

&amp;#x200B;

He was a ventriloquist. 

&amp;#x200B;

Or was he?"
"What do u call when Nicki Minaj, Cardi B and Megan thee stallion went to a talent show?" "America's Got Retards"
"Mother always told me to “chase your dreams” and to “never let go of what you love”." "So here I am chasing the girl of my dreams to take her back to my place so I can never let her go."
"A DEFEATIST can see a dark tunnel" "An OPTIMIST can see a light at the very end of tunnel

A REALIST can see a long train moving forward

The TRAIN driver can see 3 idiots standing on the tracks"
"I did a Google search for a cigarette lighter." "Ended up with 15,000 matches."
"A joke from my 4 year old: What do you call a page alone in a house?" "Toilet paper"
"If anyone is spending Christmas alone this year, please let me know." "I need to borrow some chairs"
"My molecules are threatening to go on strike because they've lost their charge" "They must have unionised!"
"One night a very rich man notices he has a lot of Reddit karma" "An incredibly wealthy man, who made his living selling oil rigs, lived in a country side mansion in Virginia. All his life he had been an Anglophile, so he decided to hire a English butler. The butler took care of his every need. The man became so dependent on the butler that he had him use his cellphone to make phone calls. 

Then, one night the man notices he has gained a lot of Reddit karma. He did not usually post on Reddit. So he was surprised. He investigated further and it seemed that someone had been posting on r/jokes via his account. In fact, there were many many jokes. Most of them not particularly funny, but some, perhaps due to persistence, had garnered many upvotes. 

It was clear to the rich man that his English butler had been posting to his account. For while the butler was well educated, he also had a strong dyslexia that made his spelling often incomprehensible. And it was clear that many of the posts were misspelled or contained poor word construction. 

The rich man was unsure of what to do. It did not seem appropriate to remove the posts (and he did not want to lose the karma). So instead, he appended to each post a final sentence to apologize for his foolish butler: sorry for my bad English."
"Man 1: I have a half sister. Man 2: Different father?" "Man 1: No, shark attack."
"An English ship is in distress at sea." "One of the English crew members is doing a radio call asking for help: “We are sinking! We are sinking! Can anyone hear? We are sinking!”

A German ship is nearby and receives the emergency call. One of the crew members answers: “Oh how nice! What are you sinking about?”"
"If you were a font, you'd be extra fine print" "Because you're hard to read"
"They say what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger" "But nothing has killed me yet and I seem only to get older and fatter"
"My molecules are threatening to go on strike" "They must have unionised!"
"What kind of truck do Indians drive?" "GMC Diwali"
"What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger" "Unless you have muscular dystrophy"
"Soccer players and religion" "Is Mohammed Salah's hand a salah-fist?"
"2 jokes in 1 post" "What has 2 eyes and hundred teeth?

*A crocodile*


What has 2 teeth and hundred eyes?

*A bus filled with elderly*"
"Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi and Kamala Harris are in a boat, and the boat sinks. Who is saved?" "The United States of America"
"Scene: With a patient in my medical exam room" "Me: How old are your kids?

Patient: Forty-four and 39 from my wife who passed away, and from my second wife, 15 and 13. 

Me: That’s quite the age difference! 

Patient: Well, the older ones didn’t give me any grandkids, so I made my own."
"What line goes through Finland?" "The Finnish line."
"Who do billionaires get their guns from?" "Elon Musket"
"What did one earthquake say to the other earthquake?" "That was my fault."
"I ran into an old friend from school today who immediately starting bragging about his wonderful life." "Then he pulled out a photo of his wife and said, “She’s beautiful, isn’t she?”

I said, “If you think she’s beautiful, you should see my girlfriend.”

He said, “Why? is she good looking?”

I said, “No, she’s a optician.”"
"I gave my girlfriend an orgasm..." "And she spat it back on my face"
"What do you get hanging from banana trees?" "Sore arms."
"I told my hypoxemic patient that his blood started entering the deoxygenated chambers of his heart." "I said it was all RIGHT."
"What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?" "Vast majority of folks in Dubai do not like the Flintstones, but most in Abu Dhabi do."
"This one time Hannibal Lecter thought of going vegan" "Next day 3 vegan people went missing."
"A guy sees a shop window saying ""Jeweler""." "He walks in and asks if the man can fix his watch. The man says, ""No, of course I can't fix your watch, I'm not a jeweler, I'm a Mohel.""
The guy says, ""But the sign says you're a jeweler.""
The man says, ""You'd write ""Mohel"" on your window?"""
"-Do you know who wrote ""Harry Potter""?" "-Of course, it was Jack London

-Are you serious? 
-J.K., Rowling"
"Brian Landrie's dad mentioned that his son wanted to play pro football." "The Florida Gators snapped him up."
"I like my women like I like my Martinis" "Shaken not stirred"
"What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?" "I don't want to pay to have a lentil on my face."
"A Spanish doctor is treating a patient with his nurse." "The nurse asks, ‘How much medicine should I administer, doctor?’

The doctor responds, ‘Uno dos’.

*I came up with this while bored in class. Please laugh."
"What do you call a soul singer that smells of piss?" "Urethra Franklin."
"Why did a console go to the toilet" "Because it needed a wii"
"Three guys are walking through the woods..." "Three guys are walking through the woods when they find an old lamp. One of them picks it up, rubs it, and out pops a Genie (of course). It booms ""You have freed me after all these years, so I'll grant each one of you 3 wishes."" 

The first guy immediately blurts out ""I want a billion dollars."" POOF, he's holding a printout that shows his account balance is now in fact 1,000,000,003.50 

The second man thinks for a bit, then says ""I want to be the richest man alive."" POOF, he's holding papers showing his net worth is now well over 100 billion. 

The third guy thinks even longer about his wish, then says ""I want my **left** arm to rotate clockwise for the rest of my life."" POOF, his arm starts rotating.

The Genie tells them it's time for their second wish. 

First guy says: ""I want to be married to the most beautiful woman on earth."" POOF, a stunning beauty wraps herself around his arm. 

Second guy says ""I want to be so good-looking and charismatic, so I can have every girl I want."" POOF, his looks change and the first guy's wife immediately starts flirting with him. 

Third guy says ""I want my **right** arm to rotate counter-clockwise until I die."" POOF, now both his arms are rotating, in opposite directions.

The genie tells them to think very carefully about their third wish. 

First guy does, and after a while says ""I never want to become sick or injured, I want to stay healthy until I die."" POOF, his complexion improves, his acne is gone and his knees don't bother him any more. 

Second guy says ""I never want to grow old. I want to stay 29 forever."" POOF, he looks younger already. 

Third guy smiles triumphantly and says ""My last wish is for my **head** to nod back and forth."" POOF, he's now nodding his head and still flailing his arms around. The genie wishes them good luck, disappears, and the men soon go their separate ways.

Many years later they meet again and chat about how things have been going. First guy is ecstatic: ""I've invested the money and multiplied it many times over, so me and my family will be among the richest of the rich pretty much forever. My wife is a freak in the sheets, and I've never gotten so much as a cold in all these years."" Second guy smiles and says ""Well, I built charities worldwide and, I'm still the richest guy alive and while revered for my good deeds. I haven't aged a day since we last met, and yes (he winks), your wife is pretty wild in bed."" Third guy walks in, flailing his arms around and nodding his head, and says:

""Guys, I think I fucked up."""
"What did Ali Baba say to his kid’s iPad?" "Open Sesame Street!"
"I just read that Isaac Zing, a high ranking military leader, was abusing his power for his personal gain" "A lot of people think that individuals with authority always abuse that power, but I think that's just General I. Zing."
"The Reason Batman Does Not Cover His Whole Face is" "Because He Needs The Police to Know That He Is White."
"Yo mamma so slow" "It took her nine months to make a joke"
"Einstein was once travelling from Princeton on a train when the conductor came down the aisle, punching the tickets of every passenger." "When he came to Einstein, Einstein reached in his vest pocket. He couldn’t find his ticket, so he reached in his trouser pockets. It wasn’t there, so he looked in his briefcase but couldn’t find it. Then he looked in the seat beside him. He still couldn’t find it.

The conductor said, “Dr. Einstein, I know who you are. We all know who you are. I’m sure you bought a ticket. Don’t worry about it”.

Einstein nodded appreciatively. The conductor continued down the aisle punching tickets. As he was ready to move to the next car, he turned around and saw the great physicist down on his hands and knees looking under his seat for his ticket.

The conductor rushed back and said, “Dr. Einstein, Dr. Einstein, don’t worry, I know who you are. No problem. You don’t need a ticket. I’m sure you bought one”.

Einstein looked at him and said, “Young man, I too, know who I am. What I don’t know is where I’m going”."
"I hate hemorrhoids." "They're a pain in the ass."
"Why did the pheasant cross the road?" "Because the chicken wasn't game."
"I like my women like how I like my tv-shows" """Naked and Afraid"""
"Who is a Canadian’s favourite Blues guitarist?" "Buddy Guy"
"Short and sweet joke." "A lawyer dies and gows to heaven."
"I think my husband might be gay." "Then again, I’m a pretty superstitious guy."
"What’s the worst part about being a black Jew?" "They make you stand in the back of the oven"
"One star movie" "If Monday was a movie, it would be very long and boring. No one would ever want to watch it."
"Did you hear about the marble statue with low self esteem?" "She was taken for granite"
"While on work, i feel hand going to my boxes and touching my testicles. ""I shouldnt't be doing this right now, boss"" i said" "i giggled to myself and thought that it's good do be self-employed"
"What's an innuendo?" "An Italian suppository.

(I can't be the only one who has thought of this one....)"
"I’ll never forget my grandpas last words." "Stop shaking the ladder you little shit!"
"Why should you knock on the oven before opening it this Thanksgiving?" "Because it could be dressing!

I’ll show myself out…"
"When I die I want to go peacefully in my sleep like my Grandfather" "Not screaming like the passengers in his car."
"Today, a man twisted my ear, put a blade to my throat and demanded that I pay up" "To hell with the barbers."
"Genders are like the twin towers." "There used to be two, of them and now its just a sensitive topic."
"My German grandmother is vegan." "


She only eats meat once a day."
"What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?" "I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face"
"3 Dogs are in the Woods" "This joke was written by /u/BunHein at 9:28 AM on November 22, 2021 

Three dogs (Buster, Chuck, and Dave) are pretty well much walking around on their hind feet like humans - this is an important thing to remember because what else but they are gonna be doing some pretty human stuff in this joke 

2.) two of the dogs (Buster and Chuck) are just chatting to another, talking about their day and what not when one dog says to the other - “hey you know what Dave is over there doing? Well he’s getting pretty dang addicted to that ipeed app” 

3.) Dave is over by a tree and hes holding a phone. Well he looks on the phone and you’ll never guess what is on there. An app called “ipeed” and Dave pretty well much says “I just took a piss on this tree yesterday”

Joke written by /u/BunHein copyright 2021"
"Two lines at the hospital" "There were two lines at the hospital, one for the blood bank, one for the sperm bank. At the end of the sperm bank line, there was woman.  
\- Aren't you in the wrong line? they asked her.  
\- Uh uh, she said shaking her head, with her mouth closed."
"The Golfer and the Magic Fox" "A golfer was walking through the woods looking for his ball when he saw a sad sight; a fox was caught in a trap. Being a good person, the golfer walked over to the fox to help him, but to his surprise, the fox spoke:

""Hey, if you get me out of this trap and help heal my leg, I'll give you three wishes!""

The golfer was already intending to help the fox, so he pulled open the trap and got the fox to the vet. After the fox was healed and the golfer brought the him home, the golfer inquired about the wishes.

""Yes"" said the fox ""you get three wishes, but there is a catch. Everything you wish for, your evil boss will get double.""

So for his first wish, the golfer asked for a billion dollars. ""Of course"" said the fox ""but your boss just got two billion dollars""

For his second wish, the golfer asked to live to be a hundres years old, in perfect health the entire time. ""Okay, but do you really want the vile filth you work for to live two hundred years? Think of the evil he will cause in that time!""

For his third wish, the golfer asked the fox to scare him half to death. ""Ah,"" said the fox ""your tactic is clear. We will both have our revenge. You for your misery and I for my leg. For it was your boss who put the trap out in the first place""

Unfortunately foxes and golfers suck at fractions. The boss was scared a quarter to death."
"Alt-righters aren't actually nazis ..." "They just think they're drawing SWAT stickers, and that everyone else is anti-police."
"A man goes to the doctor's office with gastric problems" "The doctor examines him, but can't figure out what's wrong with him, so he says, ""I'll schedule you for a colonoscopy next week, and maybe we'll figure it out.""   
""What's a colonoscopy, and how much is it going to cost?""  
""We use a camera to take a picture of your intestines, and it'll cost you €1000""

The man leaves the doctor's office in a huff, a thousand euros for a photograph? That's expensive. So he walks over to a tourist area where there are people offering to take photos of tourists for money. He approaches one of them.  
""Hey, you take photos right? How much?""  
""5 euros""  
""Great, I'll stand over here, and you prepare the camera.""

The man walks away from the photographer, waits until he's busy fiddling with the lenses, then turns around, drops his pants, bends over and spreads himself wide open.

""Okay, I'm ready.""  
""Okay sir, one moment, adjusting the zoom. Smile, sir. Okay, one, two... Uh wait a moment. sir, you may want to fix your tie first."""
"My dad died because we couldn't remember his blood group.." "

As he was dying he kept saying be positive be positive,  but it's hard without him."
"this terrible day in American history" "always reminds me of this dark humor line: ""Other than  that , Mrs Kennedy, how did you like Dallas?"""
"How do mansplainers drink water?" "From a well, actually..."
"Me: “According to Waze, someone got decapitated on the interstate”" "Wife: “What? Seriously?”

Me: “Yeah, apparently police reported ahead”"
"An Afghan escaping from Taliban walks in through the Pakistani border..." "
He is immediately stopped by Pakistani  border patrol agents and asked to identify himself. He stops and says he's the Minister of Ports &amp; Shipping of Afghanistan.

Paxtani border officer: ""But there is no sea in Afghanistan. How can you be the Minister of Ports &amp; Shipping?""

Afghan: ""Don't you have a Minister for Law &amp; Justice in Pakistan?"""
"I would make a joke on your mother" "But cows are sacred in my country"
"Dr.Watson has constipation" "*watson returns home after a visit to th doctor*


Sherlock: "" So was I right about your stomach issues.""


Watson: "" Yeah no shit Sherlock!"""
"Dr.Watson has constipation" "*after taking his meds*  
Sherlock : I told you I was right about your stomach issues 

Watson: Yeah no shit sherlock!"
"Why is it religious ships never make it far from port?" "
Because they are holy"
"Not again..." "There was a boy who was born without a body, just a head. HIs  mother searched far and wide for a doctor that could help him.  One day she she was contacted by a specialist that promised he could attach a body to the boy.  His mother was so excited and rushed to her son's room to tell him she had a wonderful surprise for him.  

""Another fuckin' hat?"" said the boy."
"Need an ark to save two of every animal?" "I noah guy."
"My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments." "**She had a history of violins.**"
"If in the moment, you ever feel useless, just remember…" "You probably are."
"I’m a big fan of whiteboards..." "**I find them quite re-markable.**"
"My ex has some problem with her vagina and has to go to a city in France to get treatment" "Its Toulouse."
"A boy asked his Bitcoin-investing dad..." "...for $10.00 worth of Bitcoin currency.

Dad: $9.67? What do you need $10.32 for?"
"If you can divide by zero let me hear you say hell yeah" "HELL YEAH!

No you can’t. Mathematically impossible. Don’t be Pavlovian, i’m looking for actual answers here."
"After making love, a couple lay in bed." "She says to him, ""And with that, I have had sex with you more than anyone in my life.""

He laughs and says, ""You announced that last week, but it's just as funny.""

She replies, ""And it's just as true."""
"Fun with sand dunes" "Joe's dream was to get a 4wd and go 4 wheel driving. He had often seen videos and clips of people driving over sand dunes and thought it would be fun.   
He collects offroad magazines, and eventually thinks he knows all there is to offroading, while never actually having any experience. At the end of the year, Joe gets his work Christmas bonus, the very next day he is at a used car lot, and buys himself 4wd.   
Eager to organise a trip, he calls up his friends to share the news and to see if anyone wanted to go away with him in his car, or bring their own for a little off road adventure. its no surprise that everyone is busy with family, or prior commitments.  


Not to be discouraged, Joe makes his own plans. He looks through his magazines and finds a place that is a few hours away from him that with really good sand dunes. He calls up and books accommodation at a small town near the dunes, throws a bag of clothes in the car, and sets off. Eventually he gets to this little town late at night.  


The next morning, bright and early, he sets off for the sand dunes. He leaves the town, and drives offroad for nearly an hour until he comes to the area he was looking for. On the very first dune, THE VERY FIRST! He rolls his car and its a complete wreck.  
He sits in the wreck and it takes him a while to realise the damage. Crawling out of the broken windows, he begins to assess his situation. The car is totalled. Its burning hot, and he has little to no water with him.   
Reaching for his phone to call for help he realises its not there. Its not in the car, and for the life of him, he cant see it anywhere on the sand up or down the dune.   


As the sun beats down on him, he realises that he needs to save himself. He needs to walk back to town. He heads off in what he thinks is the shortest route to the town.  
As he walks, the sun is beating down on him, and the hot sand is scorching his feet through his shoes, but eventually he sees what looks like a road, and he heads for it. He then starts walking on the road. By luck, a sign confirmed that it was indeed a road to the town he was staying at and just a few miles to go. In fact he could see a large building on the outskirts of town. Just a little more to go.  


Someone on a bicycle rode past him, then stopped when seeing his appearance. ""Water...."" begged Joe. ""Sorry mate, I dont have water with me, all I have is a mask"" he says as he pulls a mask from his pocket to hand to Joe. Joe waved him away... ""all i need is water"".   
As Joe hobbles along, its not long before another person on a bicycle rode past him, again he begs ""water..."". ""Sorry mate, all I can give you is a mask"", again Joe waves him off.  
Step by step joe marched on, he is so close, he can see the building. Less then 100ft away from the entrance of this building he collapses from exhaustion.   
In his head, he is screaming at his body to keep going.  ""Its mind over matter""... and he uses the last of his energy to crawl up to the front door.  


The security on the front door stood and towered over Joe.   


""water"" Joe feebly begs.  


""yeah, we have plenty of water, its free for all of our visitors and our guests, and you can have as much as you want.  


But you cant come in without a mask."""
"A confused young girl noticed a boy would not punch her every time they met" "One day, the boy said to her “I’m tired of this. I like you. Will you go out with me?”

The girl burst into tears. “How can you say you like me? You never hit on me!”"
"Boxers or Briefs, Mr. President?" "In 1992 while being interviewed by MTV, Bill Clinton was asked if he wore boxers or briefs? Clinton replied, ""Boxers""

In 2008 US magazine asked Obama, ""Boxers or briefs""? Obama declined to answer the question.

Last week AARP asked Joe Biden, ""Boxers or briefs""? Biden responded, ""Depends""."
"Found a good one. Not on my own" "What did the elephant ask the naked man?
“How do you breathe out of that thing?”"
"I do a lot of self-deprecating humor to hide the truth about my life." "EDIT: Ah, sorry. It's a bad joke."
"I don't know if this one has been said but here goes." "As a necromancer you need hobbies. I've chosen baking because it's weirdly very similar. With a little ritual... I raise the bread."
"I now know why the far-right are so into Nazi symbolism" "They're not racist, they just believe that what they're drawing are SWAT Stickers and that the left hates it because they're anti-police."
"A dyslexic man" "Walks into a bra"
"Who is the most narcissistic and self obsessed person in the world?" "A blind guy with mirrors in their house."
"New York City’s largest newspaper placed a billboard in my hometown" "It’s was a sign of the Times."
"""Johnny, I will grant you one wish"" said the Fairy Godmother" """I wish my dick could touch the floor"" He said

And his legs fell off."
"Why can’t men form a straight line?" "Because they like the curve"
"A beautiful woman wondered if anyone would ever respect her for her ideas" "One day, she made herself look as ugly as possible. Tragically, while looking in the mirror, she found that she didn’t respect her own ideas either. 

So she studied hard and improved her mind, becoming someone that she could respect. But alas with her newfound intelligence she found out a hard truth. 

Who said they respect the ideas of ugly people?"
"I do not give Facebook permission to print on my printer" "Wait, wrong site?"
Wrapped "For Mike's birthday, his wife wanted to surprise him when he came home from work. After some careful consideration, she decided to strip naked and wrap herself in Saran wrap from her shoulders to her ankles. Soon, Michael enters his house exhausted from a tough day at work. Mike walks through the kitchen, puts his lunchbox down, and hears his wife say, ""Honey, I'm in the living room."" Rounding the corner, he spots her wrapped up in plastic.

After a quick peek, he sighs and says, ""Leftovers again!"""
"I can't stand being around pulleys..." "They are always the center of a tension."
"Today I learned." "TIL that our oceans are now ten percent spandex. Now they can fit the earth more snugly.."
"Tom did like he always does...." " Tom did like he always does, kissing his wife, crawling into  
 bed and falling asleep. All of a sudden, he wakes up with  
 an elderly man dressed in a white robe standing in front of  
 his bed.  
 

""What the hell are you doing in my bedroom?...and who are  
 you?"" he asked.  
 

""This is not your bedroom,"" the man replied, ""I am St. Peter,  
 and you are in heaven.""  
 

""WHAT! Are you saying I'm dead? I don't want to die! I'm too  
 young,"" said Tom. ""I want you to send me back immediately.""  
 

""It's not that easy"", said St.Peter. ""You can only return as  
 a dog or a hen. The choice is your own.""  
 

Tom thought about it for a while, and figured out that being  
 a dog is too tiring, but a hen probably has a nice and  
 relaxed life. Running around with a rooster can't be that bad.  
 

""I want to return as a hen,"" Tom replied.  
 

And in the next second, he found himself in a chicken run,  
 really nicely feathered. But now he felt like his rear end  
 was gonna blow. Then along came the rooster.  
 

""Hey, you must be the new hen St. Peter told me about,"" he  
 said. ""How do you like being a hen?""  
 

""Well, OK I guess, but it feels like my ass is about to  
 explode.""  
 

""Oh that!"" said the rooster. ""That's only the ovulation going  
 on. You need to lay an egg.""  
 

""How do I do that?"" Tom asked.  
 

""Cluck twice, and then you push all you can.""  
 

Tom clucked twice and pushed more than he was good for, and  
 then 'plop' an egg was on the ground.  
 

""Wow"" Tom said. ""That felt really good!"" So he clucked again  
 and squeezed. And you better believe that there was yet  
 another egg on the ground. The third time he clucked, he  
 heard his wife shout:  
 

""Tom, for Christ's sake! Wake up! You're shitting all over  
 the bed!"""
"What do you call a high Swedish fish?" "A weedish fish."
"10+10 and 11+11 equal the same number" "10 + 10 equals twenty. 

11 + 11 equals twenty, too!"
"I don't mean to brag, but..." "cashiers are always checking me out"
"I regret ordering an older prostitute." "I asked her if she'd be interested in pegging and she started putting my clothes on the line."
"What's the difference between a cop and a bullet?" "When a bullet kills someone, it's actually fired."
"I’ve lost a small fortune on my last 3 horse racing bets." "Firstly, ‘Sunshine’ threw the jockey,
Then, ‘moonlight’ fell at the first hurdle,
And finally, ‘good times’ finished last.

I blame it on the bookie."
"A beautiful young woman goes to confession...." "BYW: ""Forgive me father for I have sinned."" 
Priest: ""What have you done my child?""  
BYW ""I called  a man  a son of a bitch."" 
Priest: ""Why did you call him a son of a bitch?"" 
BYW ""Because he touched my hand.""  
Priest: ""Like this?"" (As he touches her hand)  
BYW:  ""Yes father.""  
Priest: ""That's no reason to call  a man  a son of a bitch."" 
BYW: ""Then he touched my breast.""  
Priest: ""Like this?"" (As he touched her breast)  
BYW: ""Yes father.""  
Priest: ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."" 
BYW: ""Then he took off my clothes, father.""  
Priest: ""Like this?"" (As he takes off her clothes) 
BYW ""Yes father.""  
Priest: ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."" 
BYW: ""Then he stuck his you know what into my you know where."" 
Priest: ""Like this?"" (As he stuck his you know what into her you know where) 
BYW: ""YES FaTHER, YES FaTHER, YES FaTHER!!!""  
Priest: (after  a few minutes): ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."" 
BYW: ""But father he had Aids!""  

Priest: ""THAT A SON OF A BITCH!!!!”"
"I have gotten really into gardening during the “new normal”..." "I think my favorite thing I’ve grown are *‘Rona* Tomatoes."
Texas "Remember when they wanted to secede? Hahahahahaha absolute failure of a state."
"Told the Dr I just can’t grow any taller" "She says I will have to be a little patient."
"I was searching up Alzheimer’s syndromes" "But the links were all purple"
"They broke into the policeman's house" "Three guys broke into the policeman's house, but the policeman arrived home. The burglars got scared and they hid in three huge bags they had found. The policeman got suspicious. He kicked the first bag. Meow  - replied the bag. Ok, that's just the cat. Then the policeman kicked the second bag. Woof woof - said the bag. Ok, that's just the dog. Finally, the policeman kicked the last bag. Nothing. He kicked it again. Nothing. He kicked it again, this time really hard. And the bag replied: pOTatOeS, yoU IDiOT!"
"What do you call someone when they give you the bird?" "Flying Fuck..."
"I tried one of those ""Try Not To Laugh"" challenges, but barely made it halfway before cracking up." "I guess you could say... I fought the LOL, and the LOL won."
"I’ve just checked my BMI, and it turns out" "I have to grow at least 4 inches"
"I've never had a cavity, I thought there might be something unique about my saliva..." "I tried offering a sample to a scientist, but they refused while yelling ""Get off me! Stop spitting on me!""

Bunch of nerds..."
"What's your best Star Wars themed sexual innuendo?" "This is mine: I want you to split me in half like Darth Maul!"
"Why don’t polish girl use vibrators" "because they break their teeth off"
"She may have been H. R., but judging by the way she wore those jeans..." "I was sure there was something sexual her ass meant."
"How do you change the Japanese flag into the French flag?" "Remove the dot."
"To all of my Liverpool Friends out there." "You are being offered a jab.


Not a fucking Job. Stop panicking...."
"How did the baby get on the soccer pitch?" "A throw in

What happened after the baby got on the soccer pitch?

A free-kick"
"“Son In Iraq I killed 15 people.”" "Son: Dad you were a helicopter mechanic

Dad:Never said I was a good one"
"No one likes me telling jokes about the Civil War..." "I always end up getting Stonewalled."
"""I wanted to make a joke about my dick but I can't.""" """Why?""

""It's too long."""
"I make a great impression of an extractor fan" "I used to love tractors"
"If America storms Area 51, and the Europeans storm the Vatican" " We’ll take the aliens, you get the predators"
"My mom says we shouldn’t care about my uncle because he fuck chemical elements" "But I think he do matters"
"A farmer gives an interview about his cows" "Interviewer: How much milk do these cows give?

Farmer: Which one? The Black one or the brown one?

Interviewer: Brown one.

Farmer: A couple of litres per day.

Interviewer: And the black one?

Farmer: A couple of litres per day.

Interviewer(naturally a bit flummoxed): I see. What do you give them to eat?

Farmer: Which one? Black or brown?

Interviewer: Black.

Farmer: It eats grass.

Interviewer: And the other one?

Farmer: Grass.

Interviewer(now annoyed) : Why do you keep asking which one when the answers are the same?!

Farmer: Because the black one’s mine.

Interviewer: Oh, and the brown one?

Farmer: It’s also mine"
"Before I was born I resorpted my twin brother in the womb.." "That's why I have a baby dick."
"I don't understand non maskers." "Non maskers say they don't wear masks due to their big noses but I disagree. I mean, I still wear underwear."
"What do mermaids wash their fins with?" Tide.
"I robbed a bakery today." "It was dangerous, but I took the whisk."
"Went to a party and met an optician who ended up drinking so much that..." "he made a spectacle of himself"
"Why is Yoda afraid of 9?" "...because ~Yoda Voice~ “9, 7 8”"
"an alien lands and speaks to everyone... Theres some other aliens who want to meet you, but to them murder is often ok and they rob eachother with WMDs pointed. Do you want to meet them?" "No? Now you know how we feel about humans, and leaves."
"Is it really sexual assault" "...if you say no Cuomo after?"
"I find it hard to talk openly about the holes in my hands and feet" "Just feels likes there’s a lot of stigmata attached"
"I got a vinyl album of wasp sounds the other day. Played it, didn't sound anything like wasps!" "Turns out I was playing the bee side"
"Why do missionaries travel on shoddy vessels?" "The worship always keeps your faith strong."
"Karen goes to the doctor not feeling well." "Karen: Doctor, I’ve not been feeling well lately. 

Doctor: I’ve looked at your lab reports and I’m afraid I have some bad news. 

Karen: Don’t give me this lab nonsense. I believe in homeopathic medicine, faith-based approaches and healing crystals. All my life, they have never failed me. Now will you do things my way or do I need to see the manager?!? 

Doctor: Sure, we’ll do things your way. No need to raise your temper. Why don’t we try an astrology based approach?

Karen: At last a sensible approach. 

Doctor: So, what’s your star sign?

Karen: it’s cancer. 

Doctor: Well what a fucking coincidence. 

1st cake day, this is my favourite joke of the year. Thanks to you all."
"I'm so tired of being dependant on electric companies for power." "If only there was a giant nuclear reactor in the sky that beamed down free energy for everyone, wouldn't that be great?"
"I recently got a Fitbit." "If I wear it on my left hand, it's says that I'm running...

And if I wear it on my right hand...

I get jizz on it."
"Broken Toaster" "Toaster is broken and I'm pissed.  I'm lack toast intolerant."
"My bird keeper friend loves to show people the frost on his bird cage" "He's really into displays of aviary ice."
"Ladies if you go out with a guy and he doesn't like fruits jokes" "You have to let that MANGO!"
"What’s another name for a livestock lorry?" "A multi-story “baa” park"
"How do you circumsise a hillbilly?" "Kick his sister in the jaw."
"My husband asked me if we got divorced and I had him over for dinner..." "...would I say that I FedEx?"
"How do they access the internet in Israel?" "Net and Yahoo."
"A drunk man is shouting ""twenty five"" while" "Looking at the open manhole infront of him....
Another man comes seeing the drunk man shouting 
""Twenty five"" again and again while looking inside the open manhole.
Drunk man doesn't replies....
He keeps shouting ""twenty five"" while ignoring what other man says.
Man gets curious whats inside manhole.he leans over to see whats in. But the drunk man kicks him inside the manhole....
Drunk man after that..."" Twenty six......"""
"How can you help a starving cannibal?" "Give him a helping hand."
"My mate from Newcastle told me he was good at flirting," " so I pushed him in the river but he started to sink..."
"Relationships are like algebra." "You look at your x and wander y."
"Ten little monkeys jumping on the bed. One fell off and bumped his head. Mama called the doctor and the doctor said," """I'm calling CPS."""
"Where did Satan go to find gold?" "Hell Dorado."
"How do you kill two birds with one stone?" "Aim really well."
"What kind of food do they serve at Medieval Times?" "Farm to Fable."
"NASA has been sending animals to space." "They started with a cow and a pig. 
But the rocket failed at takeoff and ejected both animals.
The pig was disintegrated on the way back down the earth but the cow survived and landed safely on earth.
At the the press briefing reporters asked the NASA scientists how the cow survived and pig didn’t, they replied
“The cow was a little meatier”"
"Joke about Silicon Integraded Systems (super dark) (not funny)" " ""*if i was in a room, with a pistol with 2 bullets, and in this room there were, Hitler, Stalin and a SIS Integrated GPU, i woud shoot the SIS card 2 times*"""
"New Truck vs. Electric Bill" "When I was a boy, my father sent me into town with cash to pay our families electric bill. Instead of paying the bill I spent the money on raffle tickets for a new truck. I told my dad what I had done and he beat my ass, but, that next morning a new truck was sitting in the driveway. We all hugged and cried in each other’s arms. Especially me, because I knew it was the truck from the electric company sent there to turn our power off. My dad beat my ass again."
"Did you hear about the jRPG where you play as a Minneapolis police officer?" "Knee: No Coonie"
"Fecal implant success rate..." "One terd"
"When is a door not a door?" "When it's ajar."
"Twin Brother" "When I was 5 years old, I learned that my grandfather had a twin brother. 

I learned that during his funeral when his brother came to visit. 

It would have been nice for my parents to warned me before I saw the same person in the crowd and in the casket."
"Set your wifi password to 2444666668888888" "So when someone ask tell them it's 12345678"
"Anyone know how to diagnose a guy with erectile disfunction? Anyone?" "Come on guys, it's really not that hard"
"What did the suicide bomb instructor say to his students" "Watch closely, I’m only going to do this once"
"Today, I convinced someone to commit suicide" "I told Siri to turn on airplane mode."
"Today, I convinced someone to commit suicide" "I told Siri to turn on airplane mode."
"I asked my friend for an anagram of on..." "He said no"
"What were the sounds of pain coming from the spa?" "The ear waxing."
"What part of a fish weighs the most?" "The scales."
Coronaprotest "Today sexworkers were protesting against corona rules. They wanted more incum"
"What is the holiest chord to play?" "The G sus although most priests prefer A minor"
"Mr Frodo: Sam, why do you always sing?" "Sam: Because I have a samsung."
"Why aren't you helping the customer from Covid Hell?" "Your boss wants to know!"
"If a watchmaker uses Dial and a piano player uses Ivory and a Orange grower uses Zest..." "...Does a Bull Fighter use Olay?"
"It has been scientifically proven that too many birthdays kill you" 
"A billionaire was having a party at his house" "And in his back yard he had a huge pool with great white sharks in it.
He announced to everyone at the party that whoever could swim across the pool without getting attacked could either have all his money, his wife, or his house. 
So when everyone got back to talking all of a sudden a guy is in the pool swimming as fast as he can and when he gets to the other side and jumps out.
The billionaire goes.. ""Holy shit, I didn’t think anyone was going to do it, but anyway, you want the money right?"" and the guy says ""no"",
So the billionaire says, ""oh, you want my house?"" and the guys says ""no"" and so the billionaire says,"" what, you want my wife, then?"" 
But the guys says ""hell no"" 
So the billionaire says ""well what the heck do you want?"" 
The guys still trying to catch his breath says, "" I want the bastard who pushed me in the pool”"
"Did you hear about China's newest political scheming tactic?" [deleted]
"What did Pikachu say to Eevee at the Pokemon Center?" """Pikachu"""
"My disease is so rare, they made a Call of Duty map about it!" Terminal
"What is it called to masturbate on the plane" Hijaking
"What do you call the noise produced by an earthquake?" "An earthqueef"
"Two peanuts were walking casually down a dim-lit street." "One of them was a salted."
"NSFW: A cowboy rides in off the prairie feeling mighty anxious after not enjoying any female companionship for several months." "He spots a beauty that he sets his sights on and begins to engage her in amorous conversation at the local saloon.

He doesn't get very far before the woman shuts him down.
""""You're just wasting your time cowboy. You see, I'm a lesbian.""

Being not very sophisticated the cowboy asks her, ""What's religion got to do with us getting better acquainted?""

""It's nothing to do with religion cowboy. You see being a lesbian refers to my sexual orientation.

Still confused, the cowboy asks her what that means?

""You see I'm not interested having sex with men. I like woman. Only women I like to kiss them, feel their breasts, and nice round backsides. I enjoy sucking on their nipples and really love to lick their pussies.""

""Oh,"" sighed the old cowboy &amp; he just walks away, up to the bar and orders himself a bottle of Red Eye.

The bartender seeing the cowboy's pretty down in the mouth asks him what's wrong.

""Well I'll tell you partner, I've always figured I was quite the man. But after all these years I've discovered, I'm a lesbian!"""
"What do you call a group of Karens?" "A Home Owners Association"
"What did a vegetarian do to fuck up?" "They made a misteak"
"My hair is always really messy, and I can never get organized." "I asked me friend today ''hey Jess, how do you get your hair like that?'' and she told me it's natural.


I wish that I had Jessie's curl"
"What's a baby's favorite number?" "A googooplex!"
"Depressed people should stop feeling that they are a burden for other people" "that’s our job"
"So I was baking a premade pie and the instructions told me to put it in the oven at 180 degrees." "Now I'm left with an upside down pie in an oven."
"What do the British and murder hornets have in common?" "They’re both an invasive species."
"Last night after my wife went to bed..." "...I was browsing the internet and came across 2 Girls 1 Cup. What a Shit show."
"What do you say when your encrypted call fails?" "Dropped Signal"
"The bigger they are, the harder they fall, the harder they fall" "#and #everything’s #bigger #in #texas"
"A rabbit walks in to a cake shop." "He walks up to the counter and asks "" Do you have a birthday cake with spinach?"" ""No I'm sorry we don't"" says the store clerk. ""Ok"" says the rabbit and promptly bounces out of the store. The rabbit comes back a couple of times and asks the same question and gets the same answer so the store owner decides to make a spinach cake for the rabbit assuming his birthday is around the corner. The next day the rabbit comes in and asks: ""do you have a birthday cake with spinach?"" ""Yes we do"" replies the store owner. ""That must be a really disgusting birthday cake"" says the rabbit and leaves the store."
"What is Quarantine's favorite style of music?" House.
"I told a farmers wife that I choked on of her chickens" "She asked which one

&amp;#x200B;

I told her it was her husbands"
"Paul was having dinner with his family when suddenly his elder daughter rose from the chair and said, ""I have a confession to make.I'm a lesbian .""" "Paul smiles and says, ""Congratulations. I will still love you nonetheless.""

Suddenly his younger daughter says ,"" Dad, I'm a lesbian too.""

Paul begrudgingly exclaims , "" Does nobody in this family likes dicks?""

His son says,""I do."""
"""I got constipation which means I can't crap.""" """No shit, Sherlock."""
"Why couldn’t Einstein make a wall?" "He only had Ein Stein"
"What's the difference between a terrorist training camp and an orphan hospital?" "I dunno, I just fly the drone."
"My son is such a happy boy... I recently persuaded him to swallow a flashlight..." "...his face lit up."
"Jane: I miss England." "Tarzan: Me no idea you a beauty pageant winner."
"What is another name for a child owner?" Parent
"When I see Catwoman in the Dark Knight Rises" "....Dark knight won't be the only thing rising."
"I went to the dentist. He said 'this is going to hurt'..." "...your wife thinks I have a much bigger cock than you."
"Girlfriend: Are you cheating on me?" "Me: I don’t get why you all ask the same question."
"Do you want to buy a cat or a dog?" "The cat differs from the dog, but the cat is gentle and calm from the dog and does not take much place in the house, and this is what invited me to the cat"
"I've been suffering a lot of seizures recently..." "...so far they've taken my house, my car and my boat."
"Sick Chihuahua." "A man takes his sick Chihuahua to the veterinarian. They’re immediately taken back to a room.

Soon, a Labrador walks in, sniffs the Chihuahua for 10 minutes and leaves. Then a cat comes in, stares at the Chihuahua for 10 minutes and leaves. Finally, the doctor
comes in, prescribes some medicine and hands the man a $250 bill.

“This must be a mistake,” the man says. “I’ve been here only 20 minutes!”

“No mistake,” the doctor says. “It’s $100 for the lab test, $100 for the cat scan and $50 for the medicine.”"
"My girlfriend broke up with me, so I stole her wheelchair." "Guess who came crawling back"
"What do ghosts eat for breakfast?" Ethereal.
"What did Bob Marley say to the failing comedian?" "Give up, stand up."
"r/Jokes search feature. Where is it?" "One of the sticky posts says r/Jokes has a search feature. Where is it?"
"Rub It" "I once walked in on my ex-wife while she was in the bathroom. She was standing in  front of the mirror, rubbing her breaststroke with a towel.
I asked ""What are you doing honey?""
She replied ""I heard that rubbing them with a towel helps them to grow.""
I told her ""You should use toilet paper instead.""
She asked  ""Why?""
I replied with ""You've been using it for years on your ass. Look how big THAT got."""
"My Grandparents were Trekkies, and named my father after their favourite Captain" "when I was young, I was frequently hoisted by my own Picard"
"If the time ever comes..." "...maybe get a clock without a cock."
"I know a nun who has a tendency to go around wearing a horrible garment made of German sausages" "It must be her Wurst Habit"
"I never realised my German grandpa was an electrician" "I was digging through the attic, and found his fancy clothes with 2 lightning bolts on the collar"
"Real news: A 95 year old Tennesse man is being deported after admitting his Nazi past. When asked why, as a former Nazi, he is not allowed to stay in the US, he said, ""I worked a simple job as a camp guard...""" """it's not rocket science"""
"If assholes could fly..." "Reddit would be an international airport."
"Two mentos are in a bar..." "...just enjoying a drink of coke, (as they do of course.)   


Then a Halls Cough Drop walks in.   


One of the mentos hides under the table. Shaking.   


The other one asks him ""What's up?""   


The mentos hiding under the table replies ""You don't wanna mess with him... ""  


""...he's F--K!NG MENTHAL!""

"""
"I just saw my stormtrooper girlfriend for the first time in 6 months." "She said she missed me."
"Obama could be the literal Jesus Reincarnated..." "And Conservatives would blast him for giving out FREE WINE like a socialist! ""I don't want MY donations to give out FREE WINE!"""
"Airplane mode" "Father: Can I borrow your phone?

Son: Phone? What happened to yours?

Father: I broke it.

Son: How!?

Father: I threw it in airplane mode. It didn’t fly!"
"Two drunk men stagger home down a road and spot something" "Man 1: hey be careful we nearly stepped on that dog shit
Man 2: nah that’s not dog shit that’s cake
Man 1: cake? Huh I didn’t think of that why don’t we taste it and find out?
Man 2: and this is why I’m friends with you- your-you’re smart
Man 1: ikr ok I’ll get a portion for each of us

*Both of the men take a bite*

Man 1: HAHAHA told ya
Man 2: damn good thing we didn’t step on it"
"What’s the difference between a bullet and a cop?" "When a bullet kills someone, it’s fired"
"I braided a rope today. It looks like challah bread." "But it's knot."
"“How long do I have?”" "“How long do I have?”, asks the patient.

“5”, the doctor says.

“5 what? Years? Months? Days???”

“4”

“Wait!”

“3.... 2.... 1”

“Nothing happened. I’m alive! You were wrong!!!!!”

*loads shotgun*
“Am I?”"
"Jack Schitt, Many people are at a loss for a response when someone says ""you don't know Jack Schitt"". Now, You can handle the situation. Jack is the only son of Awe Schitt and O. Schitt. Awe Schitt, the fertilizer magnate, married O. Schitt, the owner of Knee-deep Schitt, Inc." "In turn, Jack Schitt married Noe Schitt and the deeply religious couple produced 6 children: Holie Schitt, The twins; Deep Schitt and Dip Schitt, Fulla Schitt, Giva Schitt and Bull Schitt, a high school dropout. After being married for 15 years Jack and Noe divorced. Noe later married Mr. Sherlock and because her kids were living with them, she wanted to keep her previous name. She was
known as Noe Schitt-Sherlock.

Dip Schitt married Loda Schitt and they produced a cowardly son, Chicken Schitt. Fulla Schitt and Giva Schitt were inseparable throughout childhood and
consequently, married the Happens brothers in dual ceremony.

The Schitt-Happens children are Dawg, Byrd and Horse. Bull Schitt the prodigal son, left home to tour the world. He recently returned with his new bride, Pisa Schitt.

Now, when someone say's you don't know Jack Schitt, you can correct them."
"A little bird was flying south for the winter. It was so cold the bird froze and fell to the ground into a large field. While he was lying there, a cow came by and dropped some dung on him." "As the frozen bird lay there in the pile of cow dung, he began to realize how warm he was. The dung was actually thawing him out! He lay there all warm and happy, and soon began to sing for joy. A passing cat heard the bird singing and came to investigate. Following the sound, the cat discovered the bird under the pile of cow dung, and promptly dug him out and ate him.

*Moral of the story:*

1. Not everyone who shits on you is your enemy

2. Not everyone who gets you out of shit is your friend

3. And when you’re in deep shit, it’s best to keep your mouth shut!"
"What do anti-vaxxers do at Covid-19 funerals?" "Stare at the ceiling."
"What do Texans do when it gets down to zero?" "Stick to their guns."
"A Greek and an Italian were sitting in a coffee shop one afternoon discussing who had the superior culture." "The Greek says, ""Well, we have the Parthenon.""

Arching his eyebrows, the Italian replies, ""We have the Coliseum.""

The Greek retorts, ""We Greeks gave birth to philosophy.

The Italian, nodding agreement, says, ""But we built the Roman Empire.""

And so on and so on until the Greek comes up with what he thinks will end the discussion.

With a flourish of finality he says, ""The Greeks invented sex!""

The Italian replies, ""That is true, but it was the Romans who found out you could do it with women."""
"*Went for a walk with my new girlfriend and we saw dogs mating, she said ‘how does the male know when the female is ready for sex ?* *I replied he can smell she is ready that is how nature works.*" "*We then walked past a sheep field and the ram was mating the ewe, again my girlfreind asked how the ram knew when the ewe was ready for sex ?*
*I replied 'it’s nature he can smell she is ready'.*
*We then went past a cow-field and the bull was mating the cow; my girlfriend said this is odd they are all at it, surely the bull can’t smell when she is ready.*
*I said look it’s nature, all animals can smell when the female is ready for sex.*
*Anyway, after the walk I dropped her home and kissed her goodbye, she said 'take care and get yourself checked for Covid-19.'*
*Surprised, I asked her why she feels that way ?*
*She said, “I think you seem to have lost your sense of smell”.*"
"Back in my day, gender fluid was" "What came out of your balls"
"I’ve got a hooker on speed dial..." "She’ll come in handy when I need her."
"Last year I replaced several windows in my house and they were the expensive double-pane energy efficient kind." "But this week I got a call from the contractor complaining that his work has been completed for a whole year and I had yet to pay for them.

Boy oh boy did we go 'round. Just because I'm blonde doesn't mean that I am automatically stupid. So, I proceeded to tell him just what his fast talking sales guy had told me last year. . that in one year the windows would pay for themselves. 
There was silence on the other end of the line so I just hung up and I haven't heard back. Guess I must have won that silly argument."
"Despite CDC guidelines, there's no reason to worry about people not covering their noses with their masks." "They're mouth-breathers anyway."
"A horse walks into a bar." "The bartender says, “why the long face”?

The horse says, “bone cancer”."
"Captains log, star date 47634.44." "I had the chicken."
"Why is diarrhoea, an inherited disease?" "Because it runs in your jeans!"
"why is ""dark"" spelled with a K and not a C?" "Because you can’t C in the dark hahaha so funny"
"Unlike a lot of men, some of my friends included, I could never have sex with a prostitute." "I'm fucking skint."
"I had a foot fungus I was going to try to get rid of" "But then it really started to grow on me."
"A radio station is offering a prize to whoever can come up with the best word that isn’t in the dictionary and can be used in a sentence." "A Glasgow man calls in and says: “Ma word is gaun, spelt G-A-U-N, and ma sentence is gaun fuck yersel.”

The DJ hangs up and apologises to his listeners. Five minutes later, another Glasgow man calls and says “ma word is smee, spelt S-M-E-E.”

“And what’s your sentence?” the DJ asks.

The man replies “smee again, gaun fuck yersel.”"
"I was thinking about this and wanted to share..." this.
"How do you get a fat woman to bed?" "1) Pie of cake
2) Check your length and compare it to her flab size"
"Did you hear the arborist’s new theories?" "They were quite intreeguing."
"What do you get if you eat 3.14 cakes?" "Fat. You get fat.

You were expecting a joke about pi? On my cake day?"
"Lumberjacks are bad at fixing computers" "They only know how to log out.They only know how to log out."
"How easy is it to tell a joke 2 years after joining Reddit?" "A Piece of cake

I know it’s not mine. Not sure if it’s been posted before."
"What's a body part that is long for some, short for others, is soft and hard, and bends? Hint: It is spelt with a ""P"", ""N"", ""E"", ""I"", ""S""." "Your spine."
"I love how eco conscious this sub is." "All the top content is recycled."
"What do you call the outfit you choose every morning?" "Your get-up getup."
"What do you call a cup who fell off a swing?" "A tumbler."
"I have a very active sex life. I have sex almost everyday." "I almost had sex on Sunday, then almost had a chance again on Tuesday, almost got a girl on Wednesday.

I think you get what you mean."
"Mario goes to court" "The judge says: “you must pay the court $12,000.”

Mario, surprised, asks: “Why?”

The judge replies: “It’s a fine.”

Mario, heartbroken, sadly says: “No itsa not.”"
"I let my goats get whatever they want, they are spoiled rotten" "I guess you could say I have a bleeting heart"
"A duck walks into a bar" "A duck walks into a bar at 4:00, approaches the bartender, and asks, ""Do you have any grapes?""

""No, sorry,"" replies the bartender.

""OK!"" says the duck, and it waddles out.

The next day, at the same time, the duck enters the bar again. The same bartender is working. It asks, ""Do you have any grapes?""

""No,"" says the bartender. ""We don't serve grapes, and we don't plan to.""

""OK,"" says the duck, and waddles out.

The next day, at 4:00, the duck comes back. The bartender grits his teeth, knowing what's coming. ""Do you have any grapes?""

""NO!"" shouts the bartender. ""I told you before, we don't serve grapes! Stop asking!""

""OK,"" says the duck, and waddles off.

The next day, 4:00 comes again. The duck comes back. The bartender is so annoyed he's about to pop a blood vessel. The duck comes over and asks, ""Do you have any grapes?""

""NO!"" screams the bartender. ""We don't have grapes, we never had grapes, and we never will have grapes! If you come in here asking for grapes again, I'm going to *nail you to the wall!*""

""OK,"" says the duck, and waddles off.

The next day, the bartender's blood pressure rises as he looks at the clock. 3:59. A minute passes, and sure enough, in comes the duck.

""Hi!"" says the duck. ""Do you have any nails?""

""No,"" replies the bartender, puzzled but relieved.

""Good!"" says the duck. ""Do you have any grapes?"""
"what do you call a whale cry?" "a whale wail"
"I'm of opening my own jewelry store" "If anyone wants to help, give me a ring."
"I have a lot of unemployment jokes" "None of them work."
"Joe biden wants to paint the White House" ".. He calls for quotation..  Chinese guy quoted 3 million.  European guy quoted 7 million..
Indian guy quoted 10 million.. 
Biden asked Chinese guy..""..how did you quote 3 million..?""  Chinese guy replied .. ""1 million for paint, 1 million for labour, 1 million profit.."" 
Biden asked European guy.. He replied-"".. 3 million for paint, 2 million for labour, 2 million profit.."" 
Biden asked Indian 🇮🇳 guy.. He replied.. ..""..4 million for you.. 3 million for me.. .. .. and we will give 3 million to the Chinese guy and ask him to paint..!!"" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Indian got the contract ! 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳"
"Breaking: China reported of mass incarceration and genocide of white people who listen to hip hop." "Reports are already estimating upwards of a million Wiggers."
"Breaking: China reported of mass incarceration and genocide of white people. who listen to hip hop." "Reports are already estimating upwards of a million Wiggers."
"I got free old batteries from store today" "They were free of charge"
"Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar" "You can't tell me that's just a coincidence."
"Two men are driving through Arkansas" "when they get pulled over by a State Trooper. The cop walks up and taps on the window with his nightstick. The driver rolls down the window and WHACK, the cop smacks him in the head with the stick.

The driver asks, ""What the hell was that for?""

The cop answers, ""You're in Arkansas son. When we pull you over, you better have your license ready when we get to your car.""

The driver says, ""I'm sorry, Officer, I'm not from around here.""

The cop runs a check on the guy's license, and he's clean. He gives the guy his license back, walks around to the passenger side, and taps on the window. The passenger rolls down the window and WHACK, the cop smacks him on the head with the nightstick.

The passenger asks, ""What'd you do that for?""

The cop says, ""Just making your wish come true.""

The passenger asks, ""Making what wish come true?""

The cop says, ""I know that two miles down the road you're gonna say to your buddy, ""I wish that Son-of-a-B*tch would've tried that sh*t with me!"""
"Just announced: China reported of mass incarceration and genocide of white people who listen to hip hop." "Reports are already estimating upwards of at least a million Wiggers."
"I visited a monastery and as I walked past the kitchen I saw a man cooking sliced potatoes in oil... I asked him" "
I asked him “Are you the friar?”

He replied “No, I’m the chip monk...”"
"Lawyer teaches his son!" "A lawyer obviously wanted his young son to become a lawyer too, so he began training him in the right earnest, quite early. He began teaching him how to tell lies



One day to test his son, he asked, ""Son, if you tell a lie without thinking for a second, then I will give you 100 bucks!""



The son replied, "" Hundred? You said two hundred bucks, Dad!"""
"Just saw two birds stuck together in the garden." "
I think they are velcrows"
"Sarah Thomas is the first woman to officiate a Super Bowl." "It makes sense when you think about it. Women love pointing out when men are wrong."
"A walrus just sunk a Russian boat in the news" "NOW THAT’s a navy seal"
"Hey did you hear about those two guys who stole a calendar?" "They both ended up getting 6 months"
"He always wins" "I was having an argument with my friend Freud. I got so mad at him and finally yelled,"
"A guy sits down at a bar &amp; orders 9 shots of bourbon..." "The bartender says “whoa...are you sure you don’t want to take those one at a time?”

“Nope” he says quickly. So the bartender goes ahead and brings him 9 shots, which he throws down the second they hit the table. 

“Good lord,” says the bartender. “I’ve never seen anyone down drinks like that. 

Head hanging the guy responds, “You’d drink em that fast too if you had what I’VE got.”

“Oh man, I’m sorry.... Can I ask.... what have you got?”

“About 2 bucks.”"
"Donald trump takes a girl to Epstein’s island..." "DT: “when are you 18?”
Girl: “In one Melanial.”"
"I see food ..." "And seafood sees me."
"Why are there no nazi tennis players?" "They hate the deuce"
"I opened a lamp store." "By the register is a sign: “All Sales Finial”"
"When geese are flying south for the winter. And they're flying in the V formation, one side is always longer than the other. Do you know why?" "It's because that side has more geese in it."
"A young man named Joseph Aria joins the military" "On his first tour in Afghanistan, he is placed into a platoon under Sgt. Alexander Minor. Sgt. Minor is quite strict and rough, but he truly cares for his soldiers.

Everything is going fine for Joseph until one day, the Humvee he is in hits an IUD. Joseph Aria is the sole survivor, and he is captured by his assailants. 

Sgt. Minor is determined to get his missing soldier back. He knows that it will be difficult, but Joseph Aria must be saved. 

The following day, Sgt. Minor is sitting at his desk with his head in his hands. A soldier comes running in and says “There is a report that the terrorists that captured Joseph have been found. They are planning on torturing him unless we surrender.”

Sgt. Minor looks up from his desk and then rises abruptly. He shouts “I am A. Minor, and nobody can touch my Private Aria!”"
"Are you fat?" "Dont worry! Its the one problem you can run from!"
"A man walks into a bar and orders a whiskey." "The bartender grabs a glass from the shelf, fills it up partially, and sets it down in front of him. 

""Hey, just what do you think you're doing? This glass is half empty!"" The man exclaims.

Calmly, the bartender responds, ""What are you, a pessimist?"""
"What did the ducks say when the pilgrims arrived?" Quakers.
"My wife said I need to be a better husband" "But she didn't specify to which wife"
"A dark joke I made in seventh grade." "Me: Why is depression like a friend?

My Friends: Why?

Me: Because once you have it long enough, you'll be hanging out."
"My wife said I need to be a better husband" "But she didn't say to who"
"Did you hear about the guy who had too much phone sex?" "He's got Hearing AIDS."
"What’s captain America worst enemy?" "Captain Vietnam"
"My sons teacher got fired for being cross eyed" "She couldn't control her pupils."
"When you think about it, almost every wedding is a ""same sex"" wedding." "After the ceremony, all the sex is pretty much the same."
"When I was little, I was constantly bullied..." "Homeschool was so hard back then!"
"Police: ""Come out with your hands up!""" "Guy with both arms raised in the air: ""I'm gay"""
"TIFU by getting my girlfriend to meet my family" "My wife was very rude to her"
"What does a pregnant 14 year old girl and the fetus inside of her have in common?" "They are both thinking “My mom is going to kill me.”"
"A year in quarantine has me feeling like an Egyptian Pharaoh" "I'm trapped in a jerkoffacophagus."
"Two Chinese guys break into a distillery." "One turns and says to the other,

""Is this Whiskey?""

The other one says ""Yes, but not

as Whiskey as wobbing a bank,!!"
"My wife gets upset she never gets compliments when we go to the park when she's wearing her camouflage dress" "She complains that no one can see her."
"A man opens a cheap fake knock-off store..." "He goes to advertise it to friends and family to get more customers, but fails miserably, gaining no attraction. He then thinks of a new idea to advertise his store.

Wanting to tell everyone now that everythin he has is legit brand and quality (that being a lie) goes to 1 of his friends to tell him about the store. 

""Hey dude, just wanting to let you know, o have the cheapest legit brand clothes ever, maybe you should check it out!""

The other guy says :
""You Wish"""
"What does a Viking call his truck?" "A Fjord"
"I got an N-word pass from my cousin" "But he's only half black, so all I can say is 'Ger."
"Where did the pizza and tennis racquet get married?" "At the supreme court"
"A man's walking home from working the night shift..." "... and he walks past the local cemetery. In the early morning light, he sees a man squatting down next to a grave.

Cheerfully he says ""morning!"" to which the man replies ""no, I'm having a shit. """
"I'm taking a trip to the Amazon rainforest, but I was warned to look out for the head-shrinking indigenous tribes that still live there." "I'm not sure what the fuss is about. Who doesn't enjoy a little head?"
"NSFW There once lived a man from Nantucket" "Who decided one day to say ""Fuck it.""

He climbed up to the top,

Fell down with a hop,

And that's how he kicked the bucket."
"For the people who mix up “your” and “you’re”" "your the worst"
"I wouldn't be here of it wasn't for my wife." "My epitaph"
"Husband sugestivly says to wife in bed:" """The heat is getting higher""
Wife gets up and turns the thermostat handle down."
"I asked my friend for directions to a drug store" "For some reason, he gave me directions to a pharmacy."
"When I was a kid, you could go to a store with $1 and get a drink, 4 candy bars, a bag of chips, and some gum, today..." "They have cameras everywhere"
"What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino?" "Eh, ‘eliphino"
"I was told to watch a video for my chemistry class." "It was a demonstration of a weak acid titrated by a strong base. I didn't end up finishing it. 

Once I got halfway through it just buffered."
"The United States Congress has a new sign hanging in the hallway" "It reads ""Not responsible for lost or stolen Articles"""
"The man enters the bar sad." "He sat down on a chair by the bar and addressed the barista: 

\- Give me a bottle of vine; I want to get drunk. 

\- What happened so hard that you are in such a depressed state? 

\- I just found out my brother is gay. I had suspected it for a long time, but today I finally got confirmation of it: I saw him in the park kissing a young man. 

He drinks a bottle of vine, pays the bill, and staggers out of the bar. The same scene is repeated the next afternoon. After the barista puts a bottle of brandy and a glass in front of him, he begins to comfort him. 

\- Come on, it's not the only case. I have a lot of other families where some members have strayed from the right path. Don't let it ruin your life.

 \- It's easy to say. Today, at the time of the family lunch, I pulled that topic and it turned out that my two sons are gay, as well as my nephew who lives with us.

 \- Oh, my God! So isn’t there anyone in your family who likes women? 

\- Yes, my sister."
"A man walks into a bar and says, ""A round for everyone and one for the bartender!""" "So everyone takes their drinks and the bartender says to the man, ""That'll be forty dollars.""

The man says ""What? I haven't got any money.""

So the bartender beats him up and makes him throws him out.

The next day the man returns and says again ""A round for everyone and one for the bartender!""

Thinking he wouldn't be stupid enough to make the same mistake after being beaten up just yesterday, the man gives everyone a drink and takes one himself.

He says to the man ""That'll be eighty dollars.""

The man says ""What? I haven't got any money.""

So the bartender beats him up twice as hard as he did yesterday and throws him out.

The next day the man returns and says ""A round for everyone!""

The bartender asks ""None for me?""

The man replies ""God no, you're a massive cunt when you drink."""
"My girlfriend thinks I'm cheating on her." " I swear she's starting to sound just like my wife."
"Why was 6 afraid of 7?" "Cause 7 is a registered sex offender"
"Why was Michael Jackson terrible at chess?" "He couldn't decide if he was black or white."
"What major does the drug addict teach?" Math.
"How do you call a cat, that got run over by a car?" Carpet
"A giraffe can grow up to 18 feet" "But they usually only have 4"
"The opposite of ""pro"" is ""con""" "Based on this, it can be concluded that the opposite of progress is Congress"
"How you know time is a communist construct?" "Because it is measured in hours."
"When I was a boy my dad would hit me with a camera." "I still have flashbacks."
"NSFW What's the difference between a urologist and an anesthesiologist?" "
An urologist plays with somebody else's penis during surgery."
"This morning, I put Red Bull in my coffee." "I was halfway to work when I realized I forgot my car."
"On my cake day a joke about cake..." "A father is dying. All of his children stand around his bed. The smell of cake comes from the kitchen. The father says to Jan: ""Please get me a piece of cake before I die...""

Jan goes and comes back straight away: ""Mom said it was for after the funeral!"""
"I was talking to a friend and we noticed that a lot of movie/tv spies have the initials J. B." "I was talking to a friend and we noticed that a lot of movie/tv spies have the initials J. B., like James Bond, Jason Bourne, and Jack Bauer.  Then we looked at each other in shock and gasped as we thought of Justin Bieber, Jack Black, and Jimmy Buffett. My friend said, “We should keep an eye on them”.  I said, “Yeah. Someone should inform Joe Biden”.  Then our heads exploded."
"Did you hear about the road made of body parts?" "They call it the Organ Trail"
"Last year was the year of the Rat..." "...No wonder there was a plague.

Now it’s the year of the Ox and we’ve been locked up for months. Guessing this year we’ll get Mad Cow Disease!"
"The people who discovered oceans: We will never be thirsty again!" "God: Na"
"What does the inventor of calculus a fresh 2000 pounds?" me!
"Two morticians are preparing a body for cremation...." "The first mortician says, ""Hey Grace, this dead lady has a shrimp in her pussy!""

Grace replies, ""That's not a shrimp Jim, that's her clitoris.""

""Well it sure taste like shrimp"" responds Jim"
"Last year was the year of the Rat. No wonder there was a plague!" "Now it’s the year of the Ox and we’ve been locked up for months. 
Guessing this year we’ll get Mad Cow Disease..."
"Happy Lunar Year Year everyone!" "I’m OXcited to see what this year has in store for us."
"I remember when my mum would tuck me in." "She really wanted a daughter."
"Have you heard that new band, 1023 Megabits?" "They've been working hard, but they haven't made it to a gig yet."
"I just created a machine that turns any woman into a prostitute." "It's horrifying."
"My relationship with my ex-wife is a lot like my relationship with COVID-19." "In each case the government has mandated that I maintain a certain distance from them."
"So Sandscript, Comic Sans, and Times New Roman walk into a bar." " 

 They order a drink and the bartender says, “Hey you, get out of here! We don’t serve your type!”"
"What do you say to a military woman after sex?" "Thank you for your cervix."
"What happened to the Ball that went around the corner?" "It Fell over."
"Limericks Competition" "Let's do a limerick. This one appeared in the 1969 movie The Magic Christian, with Ringo Starr. Peter Sellers' character, the billionaire Sir Guy Grande, recites this at a board of directors meeting:

""There once was a lady from Exeter,  
And all the young men threw their sex at her.  
Just to be lewd, she would lay in the nude,  
While her parrot, a pervert, took pecks at her.""

Can you top that?"
"Why don't cannibals eat Kansas City Chiefs fans?" "They're way too salty."
"Some people refuse to admit their faults." "I would, if I had any."
"I wanted to agree with someone in the comments, but someone already commented +1 under that." "I couldn't second it."
"A guy using Apple Maps walks into a bar" "...or maybe it’s a church. Or maybe a school?"
"I got a call from the hospital saying my ex girlfriend had been admitted and she was serious" "I Told them I was only looking for something casual"
"Two black guys are in the car... who's the driver?" "The police officer"
"Man had three son" "Oldest was slacker, middle one was wastrel and youngest also was a communist."
"What do you call it when you are clearly in the right, but have to admit you were wrong?" "A man in a relationship."
"Afraid not" "A piece of rope enters a bar and asks for a shot and a beer. The bartender tells the rope, ""sorry we do not serve rope here""

So the rope leaves, finds a homeless guy and tells him, ""i will pay you $20 to tie me into a knot and fray my edges."" so the homeless guy does as he was asked.

The rope enters the bar again and again asks for a beer and a shot. The bartender asks, ""Hey, aren't you the same rope from earlier?""

The rope replies, ""No, i am a frayed knot!"""
"Virtually every Harry Potter character can teach us a lesson." " For example, Barty Crouch Jr. taught us that drinking can make you Moody."
"There are two rules in life:" "1. Never give out all the information."
"The only thing free earthers fear..." [deleted]
"A bird sees a tasty seed on the ground while flying high in the air..." "And he dives down to eat it.

Unfortunately, it took him more than 5 seconds to reach the seed.

""Oh no"" says the bird. ""5 second rule, I can't eat it!"""
"What do you call upbeat boobs?" Posi-titties
"I was on vacation in India. When I was in New Delhi, a man wearing a turban approached me on the street and asked me the meaning of life" "I told him, “I do not have the answers you Sikh.”"
"Whats at the end of every programmers suicide note?" "“Goodbye World”"
"A skinny boy asks a fat man, ""Why don't you ever work out?""" "The fat man responds, ""I don't know. I got too much on my plate""

Then the skinny boy asks, ""Why don't you eat healthier instead?""

The fat man responds, ""I don't know. I got too much on my plate"""
"There are 10 types of people in the world:" "Those who can read binary and those who cannot"
"Why is the mushroom always invited to parties?" "Because he is a fun guy."
"Two Guys Walk Into A Bar." " 

Both of them decide to have a beer.

The first guy looks confused, but says nothing.

The second guy downs his drink, and asks for a second beer, leaving the first guy completely bewildered.

The second guy downs that too, and ask for a third beer. The first guy looks at him furiously. ""I thought you said you were a recovering alcoholic!!! What the fuck was that about?!""

The first guy looks at him, and smiles. "" Of course I'm a recovering alcoholic. Can't you see my cast?"""
"Tow guys walk into a pub." "Both of them decide to have a beer.

The first guy looks confused, but says nothing.

The second guy  downs his drink, and asks for a second beer, leaving the first guy completely bewildered.

The second guy downs that too, and ask for a third beer. The first guy looks at him furiously. ""I thought you said you were a recovering alcoholic!!! What the fuck was that about?!""

The first guy looks at him, and smiles. "" Of course I'm a recovering alcoholic. Can't you see my cast?"""
"Is it either, or either?" "Normally I would say either one, but this time I think that either won."
"I like my women like how I like my coffee" "In a cup"
"A comedian was telling a joke about binary numbers." "It was a good bit."
"An old woman walked into a dentist's office, took off all her clothes, and spread her legs." "The dentist said, ""I think you have the wrong room."" ""You put in my husband's teeth last week,"" she replied. ""Now you have to remove them."""
"An old woman walked into a dentist's office, took off all her clothes, and spread her legs. The dentist said, ""I think you have the wrong room."" ""You put in my husband's teeth last week,"" she replied. ""Now you have to remove them.""" 
"What happens when you put your hand in a blender?" "You get a hand shake."
"What's the best life hack?" "An axe"
"A crow sits on a telephone pole, doing nothing - looking stupid" "A crow is sitting on a telephone pole when his mate, another crow arrives.

Crow#2 asks his friend: ""Hey buddy, what are you doing?""

Crow#1: Nothing really, just sitting here and looking stupid

Crow#2: Sounds cool, I wanna try that, too!

And hour later a 3rd crow arrives

Crow#3: Hey guy, watcha doing?

Crow#2: Not much, just sitting here and looking stupid

Crow#3: Neat! I'll join you guys

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A few minutes pass, when a little bunny arrives at the telephone pole, looks up and sees the 3 crows, sitting there and looking stupid

""Hey guys!"", the bunny wonders. What are you doing?

""Not much, not much"", the crows respond in a choir ""just sitting here and looking stupid.""

""Cool! I'll join you. I also feel like sitting here and looking stupid"" and so the little bunny sits down, next to the telephone pole, right beneath the crows.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Red fur shimmer in the sun. Slowly, but steadily approaching the rabbit. Closer.... closer...

SUDDENLY the fox asks the bunny ""Hey buddy, long time no see whatcha doin'?""

""Oh, hi fox! You gave me a scare. Not much really, we're just sitting around and looking stupid"", he responds. 

""Oh man that sounds neat! I'll join in"" the fox says, while sitting down - and looking stupid

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A second later a hunter appears. Shoots the fox shoots the rabbit.

Crow#1: Ouf, that my bad. I should have told them; if you want to sit around and do nothing but look stupid - you got to be a higher up"
"Do I want my receipt...?No" "Is it just me or do grocery store cashiers get just a little miffed when you turn down that receipt?

I feel like theyre looking at me like ""Well I guess this interaction doesnt mean anything at all to you""

Give me a break, lady. We werent in Nam together."
"When I was younger I always said that I'd never let a woman change me..." "but now that I'm older I like to dress up like a baby ;D"
"What do plumbers and strippers have in common?" "They both get on their knees and show you their ass."
"Why do royal families take jobs cleaning the Red Bus?" "They want to keep the blood line pure."
"John Wicks Favourite Singer" "BABA GAGA"
"Some guy wanted to hire me to sell umbrellas, but I refused." "It sounded like a real shady business."
"What is the difference between me and a therapist" "The space"
"How come the VA doesn’t have any crayons in the waiting room?" "Because the Marines would eat them.




P.S. Support our Veterans!"
"If you open a camp to help kids that have ADHD..." "...is it classed as a concentration camp?"
"My fish and chips came with mushy peas." "I came with a stroke of my penis"
"There are 10 types of people that understand binary" "Those who do, and those who don't"
"I ran into my ex the other day." "Cleaning the mess off my car was totally worth it."
"I spotted my ex at the bar next door" "It was ex-siting"
"What's so special about March 2021?" " March 2021: Pretty much the same as March 2020 but now we have toilet paper."
"Christmas Letters To Santa" "Who gets the Christmas letters to Santa from dyslexic children?  Alas not Santa."
"An Irish carpenter walks into a bar" "As he sits down, the bartender walks over and notices the man looks rather despondent. He orders a beer and sighs over his pint. 

“What’s eatin’ at ye, good sir?” the bartender asks?

“Ye see that there table?” he said, pointing. “I built that table. But do they call me ‘Table Buildin’-McGregor?’ No!” 

The barman nodded knowingly, though it didn’t seem to him to be much to fret over. The carpenter pointed to a chair. “Ye see that chair there? I built that chair. But do they call me Chair Buildin’ McGregor?? No!”

“I see,” replied the patient barman.

“You see this bar here, where many a man have enjoyed a pint? I built this bar! But do they call me Bar Buildin’ McGregor??” cried the carpenter.

“No?” answered the bartender.

“But you f*ck ONE goat...”"
"What do you call a meal which is too salty?" Assault.
"What it like to have a dick?" "It's hard sometimes, you have to take the ups and the downs"
"I accidentally sprayed deodorant in my mouth this morning." "Now when I talk I have this weird axe scent."
"Have you heard an ex Vice President is releasing a computer generated reggae album?" "It's called Al Gore Rhythms"
"Why can't Usain Bolt enjoy video games?" "Cause he's a speedrunner."
"Me: Thank you for that glass of milk earlier" "Sperm bank employee: What glass of milk?

Me: Glass of milk that was sitting on your desk.

Sperm bank employee: Oh my god!

 Me: What?

 Sperm bank employee: You drank my glass of milk."
"Do they use AC or DC in Asia?" "AC, cause they are ACans"
"I made six figures today..." " a square, rectangle, triangle, circle, hexagon, and a polyhedron."
"I heard that 90% of people masturbate in the shower, and the other 10% sing a song. You know which song?" "...didn't think so."
"What do you call a book club that's been stuck on one book for years?" Church.
"What's the German word for constipation?" Farfrompoopin
"A group of bats, hanging at the ceiling of a cave....." "discovers a single bat standing upright underneath on the floor of the cave.

Surprised by this unusual behavior, they ask this fellow: ""What the heck are you doing down there?""

And the fellow shouts back: ""Yoga!"""
"If we call watery poop diarrhea," "Then why can't we just say normal poop as dryarrhea?


This joke is approved by my brother."
"Why was 6 afraid of 7?" "Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Because 7 ate 9

Why did 7 eat 9?
He needs to eat 3 squared meals per day

4 saw 7 eat 9. Why didn't he report 7 to the police?
He was 2 squared"
"Netflix is producing a documentary about the end of BlockBuster...." "Thats like if the school shooter produced ""Bowling for Columbine"""
"[long] So this guy is working at his jewelry store when a little guy walks in with a stunning, beautiful girl" "The jeweler helps the odd couple and keeps showing them all kinds of jewelry.  It's the first time he sees this guy, so he pushes the typical, ""most affordable"" stuff, but the guy doesn't seem to concerned about the prices so he continues showing them even more expensive stuff.

After almost an hour, the couple finally settles on a beautiful diamond neckless worth 150 thousand dollars.  The lady seems to be so happy, she can't contain her excitement.  With no hesitation, this little guy takes out his checkbook and starts writing a check

\- No disrespect, Sir, but today is Friday and the banks will be closed during the weekend.  I can't sell you this neckless today, so if it's not too much trouble, would you mind coming back on Monday morning so you don't have to wait too much until the check is cashed?.

\- Oh, it has plenty of funds, believe me, but I understand this situation.  Let's do this...  Keep the check and the neckless for now, and once you cash the check on Monday please deliver the neckless directly to this beautiful lady's home.  In fact, let's add a 10% commission for your troubles.

The customer seems very confident, so the jeweler accepts and they close the deal.  They finish all the paperwork, and after a few minutes the happy couple leaves the store

First thing on Monday, the jeweler rushes to the bank and tries to cash the check.  To his surprise, the check has no funds.  Worried, he rushes through his papers to find the customer's phone number and calls him.

\- Sir, I'm sorry to bother you so early, but the bank is refusing to pay this check.  I'm sure this is a misunderstanding.  If you don't mind, could you come to the bank and help sort this thing out?

The customer answers back with a sore voice.  He surely sounds hung over after a weekend of partying.

\- Ughhh... the check bounced?  no surprise...  ughhh...  thanks for letting me know...  just throw it to the garbage and let's call it a day, thanks

\- But then I won't be able to give you the neckless...  your lady will be very sad after waiting the whole weekend!

\- Sad?  I don't even know her name, but thanks to you I was able to fuck her on Friday, Saturday and 3 times on Sunday!!!"
"Joe Biden walks into a bar and sees a hot, young woman sitting alone at a table.." "He sits down next to her and says “So.. do I come here often?”"
"A father is in church with three of his young children, including his five year old daughter." "As was customary, he sat in the very front row so that the children could properly witness the service. During this particular service, the minister was performing the baptism of a tiny infant. The little five year old girl was taken by this, observing that he was saying something and pouring water over the infant's head. With a quizzical look on her face, the little girl turned to her father and asked, ""Daddy, why is he brainwashing that baby?"""
"They're seems to be a lot of people getting there words mixed up" "Their, I said it..."
"A farmer in the country has a watermelon patch and upon inspection he discovers that some of the local kids have been helping themselves to a feast." "The farmer thinks of ways to discourage this profit-eating situation. So he puts up a sign that reads: ""WARNING! ONE OF THESE WATERMELONS CONTAINS CYANIDE!""He smiled smugly as he watched the kids run off the next night without eating any of his melons. The farmer returns to the watermelon patch a week later to discover that none of the watermelons have been eaten, but finds another sign that reads: ""NOW THERE ARE TWO!"""
"What do you call woodworkers?" "That's right, prostitutes."
"What do men wear in a Texas synagogue?" "A Y'allmulke"
"Whats the american version of a karate chop?" "A Connecti Cut!"
"I used to be gay..." "but I quit when it was my turn"
"What’s a popes favorite part of Walmart" "The kids section"
"Plum trees are so easy to take care of." "I don't do anything and once a year it prunes itself."
"Guy: I have bad news..." "Girl: Me too...Mike cheated on me...

Guy: I have good news!

Girl: huh?

Guy: I accidentally hit him on my way to work today"
"What’s a discord mods favorite part of Walmart?" "The kids section"
"An old man walks in to Walmart" "He walks up to the cashier and says “where is the kids section?”

“It’s over there, you lookin for something for your grandkids?”

“No not for my grandkids, for my date”"
"The military is now using gender neutral terms like..." "... canonfodder and expendable"
"I like the way that the main actress in *Interstellar* delivered her lines" "She just Hathaway with words"
"My girl is 13 and I am 42, should I ditch her ?" "I always feel like I have to carry her when we play, her level is just too low"
"It was a bad idea doing tacos the night before the big meeting. Everyone looked shocked when I accidentally farted loudly." "I looked back at them, just as shocked.  After a moment, I broke the awkward silence, and said,

""Did you hear that asshole talking shit behind my back?"""
"I found a millionaire fart" "Still can’t find her plane though"
"3 Ashkenazi Jewish- French Catholic children and their parents are going on a cross-country roadtrip, but have to first pick up the motor home 3 hours away and..." "All three children are asking “are we there yet” but it keeps on sounding like “RV there yet” due to there nasally voices and lisps- so the Catholic father says “I can’t understand you,what are you saying?” And the Jewish mother replies “you dense buffoon- they’re asking if we are there yet!!!”- and the Catholic father replies “I was only kidding- at least they have my French accent- so I at least got some of it and it was funny”"
"Why doesn’t America want to play Chess with the UK?" "They are down two towers already and the UK has a unkillable queen"
"I used to do drugs..." "I mean, I still do, but I used to too.

Credit: Hitch Medberg"
"My flat-Earther friend said he would walk to the end of the Earth to prove his point. -" "Eventually, he came around."
"An American and a Soviet general are at the UN and are bragging about who has the best soldiers." "The American says: ""We train our men hard; our boys march 100 miles a day in basic training"". The Russian says ""Da, so what? Our soldiers march 200 miles a day and double on weekends"".

The American retorts ""Well... when our GIs march they do it carrying 90lb packs without so much as a complaint"". The Russian goes ""Lazy, decadent Americans! When our troops march we give them 150lb packs *and* they thank us for it"".

The American thinks for a moment before saying ""When on manoeuvres, our soldiers eat 4000 calories a day"". The Russian jumps to his feet ""AHA! Now I *know* you are lying! Nobody can eat that many potatoes!"""
"The Pirate and the Steering Wheel" "A pirate walks into a bar with ships wheel attached to the crotch of his pants. The bartender says, ""OK, I gotta ask: What's with the wheel?""

The pirate looks down sadly and says, ""Aarr, it's drivin' me nuts."""
"Jazz hands" "News reporter: music producer caught abusing minors
Me: looks like he played more that the guitar!"
"Car accident deaths in 2019 in the US - 38,000 Car accident deaths in 2020 in the US - 8,000" "Covid19 helped save 30,000 American lives  Cant argue with facts."
"Never trust someone constipated" "They're full of shit."
"What did the funky brown chicken say to the brown cow?" "Brown chicken brown cow"
"I always keep thinking about Russian women" "What if someone tells me to PUTIN but I cant stop STALIN"
"A woman's place is....." "I wouldn't know, I've never been there"
"Sherlock Holmes and Watson went camping" "They set up their tent under the starry night sky.

In the middle of the night, Holmes wakes up his friend and says, ""Watson look up at the stars and tell me what you can deduce.""

Watson replies, ""I see millions of stars, and if even if only a few of them have planets, it's quite likely that some of them are exactly Earth-like planets. And if there are a few Earth-like planets, there might be life.""

Holmes then replies, ""Watson, you idiot! Someone stole our tent."""
"I call my wife dinghy" "Not because she's at all like a small boat, because her bottom is always wet"
"I call my wife" 
"A bunch of hooligans are smashing up my shop and stealing musical instruments" "Damn luters!"
"A Trump supporter was upset..." "...about having ordered custom ""Trump 2020-2024"" merchandise from China and now not being able to get a refund. ""I just can't accept that I have to kiss my 10 yuan goodbye."" I nodded sympathetically but advised him that he'll just have to accept bye ten yuan."
"I think these last few years, and few days in general are going to literally change the meaning of the term ""presidential""" "Im sorry madam, your husbands been in a car crash, hes been rendered completely presidential."
"There's no incest in Alabama. You can ask my mother, father, sister, aunt, uncle and wife." "They're both in the living room right now."
"A Collie was talking about how hard he works on the farm where he lives." "A nearby sheep piped up 'YOU don't work hard, all you do is boss US around.' 'WHAT DID YOU SAY' shouted the collie. 'You herd me' the sheep replied

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry if this has been done before 😬"
"Breaking News: Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and North Korea to send a joint expeditionary force..." "...to Washington D.C. in order to bring peace, democracy and the rule of law to the troubled nation of United States of America."
"There are 2 types of people in this world" "Those that need closure and"
"What's the most musical animal?" "A hip hopopotamus"
"I once made a belt completely out of wrist watches." "It was a waist of time. 


Not mine."
"Wednesday's protests told me one thing..." "I am in the wrong fucking business. Damn I should sell flags to rednecks for a living!!"
"close your eyes..." "...now you have dark humor"
"Just the way America does it" "If the United States saw what the United States is doing in the United States, the United States would invade the United States to liberate the United States from the tyranny of the United States"
"How do Instagram models get paid?" "Per DM"
"I had dinner with Garry Kasparov at a restaurant with a checked tablecloth..." "I asked him to pass the salt, &amp; it took 3 1/5 hours"
"What is a dumb American?" Pleonasm
"Stop making jokes about what happened at Capitol Hill!" "This sub might crash from the record number of original jokes being posted"
"Donald Duck walks into a store and says:" """Get me some chapstick... And put it on my bill!"""
"What's the difference between the Capitol siege and the siege of the Bastille?" "At least the latter was a success"
"three monkeys walk into a bar.." "and the fourth one ducks!"
"How does a teenage Muslim pray?" "By masturbating 72 times."
"I think I identify as a church roof." "I'm beginning to tran-spire"
Mailman "The mailman knocks on the door. Then this very hot blond opens the door. She pulls him inside. Together they have a fun time in bed. After the sex the blond give him a dollar. The mailman asked: why do you give me a dollar. The blond replies: I asked my husband if i should give The mailman anything. My husband replied screw that mailman and give him a dollar."
"Just seen a bloke down the market selling the Oxford Covid Vaccinations.." "£2 each or 3 for a Pfizer"
"A man and a woman, who had never met before, but were both married to other people, found themselves assigned to the same sleeping room on a transcontinental train." "
 Though initially embarrassed and uneasy over sharing a room, they were both very tired and fell asleep quickly, he in the upper bunk and she in the lower.

At 1:00 AM, the man leaned over and gently woke the woman saying, ""Ma'am, I'm sorry to bother you, but would you be willing to reach into the closet to get me a second blanket? I'm awfully cold.""

""I have a better idea,"" she replied. ""Just for tonight, let's pretend that we're married.""

""Wow! That's a great idea!"" he exclaimed.

""Good,"" she replied. ""Get your own damn blanket!""

After a moment of silence, he farted."
"There lived a poor couple, named Mr and Mrs Jones." "Each day, they barely had enough food for themselves, and therefore rarely invited guests.

One afternoon, out of the blue, Mr Jones said he had invited his friend over for lunch.

Mrs Jones was outraged. ""Don't you know that now we will have less food to eat?"" 

Just then they heard the sound of the door being knocked. Mr Jones' friend was here!

He invited him to sit down. They ate, and Mr Jones, having had his share, was full. However, he constantly put more food on his friends plate. 

Mrs Jones had less and less to eat. She needed to tell Mr Jones to stop! So, she kicked under the table. 

Mr Jones, however, didn't even flinch, and continued to do so. This happened over and over, until Mrs Jones had nothing to eat. Mr Jones said goodbye to his friend, and he left.

""Why didn't you stop?? Didnt I kick you to tell to??"" Mrs Jones said.

Mr Jones looked puzzled. ""Kick me? What do you mean? You didn't kick me!"""
"Today was a sad day." "I lost my job at the bank.

A lady asked to check her balance so I pushed her over."
"I think stimulus checks should also extend to all waterfowl." "Because ducks have bills too, you know."
"America? more like Americant!" "today was THE day for this."
"Where can one get good deals on one way flight tickets for his family?" "Asking for an old friend who is packing his things to move out in 2 weeks. Had to help him cos his social accounts were locked out!"
"A guy carrying a backpack gets stopped by the Police on suspicion of terrorism" "A guy carrying a backpack gets stopped by the Police on suspicion of terrorism.

The Police officer asks him to let him check his backpack. The guy obliges.

In his backpack, the officer finds some textbooks, a calculator, a compass and a ruler.

""Aha!"", shouts the policeman, ""as I suspected. You are under arrest!""

""But why?"" the guy protests.

""You have been caught in possession of weapons of maths instruction!"""
"It's been an incredibly long and tense wait but, now, finally, for the first time in what seems like forever I can say ..." "Today is my cake day. 

What? Something else going on at 4:09 a.m. East Coast time today?"
"The vagina..." " The best engine in the world. It can be started with one finger. It's self lubricating. It takes any size piston and change's its own oil every four weeks. It just a pity the management system is so fucking tempermental!!"
"What did the egg say to the pot of boiling water?" "I can’t get hard, I just got laid"
"Why did Trump was the only POTUS not to declare wars since ages?" "He was too busy creating a civil war in USA..."
"Three old men, 70, 80, and 90 years young, sat on a park bench for a chat." "During their conversation, the topic of sleep schedules and bodily functions comes up. Of course, being a competitive group, each one feels the need to have the most significant problems. 
 
The 70 year old says, ""I wake up at 5 AM every morning and need to pee urgently, but I have to stand there forever because the pee barely trickles out. It's horrible!.""
 
The 80 year old hears this and adds, ""Well, I awaken at 6 AM every morning with the urge to poo something fierce! But I sit on the toilet for hours waiting for the poop that doesn't want to pass. It's absolutely miserable! ""
 
Of course, not to be outdone, the 90 year old chimes in with ""You think that's bad? You young whippersnappers don't know a thing about misery. At 5 AM on the dot, I piss like a racehorse with a firehose for a dick. Gallons of pee. Then at 6 AM, I shit like a flock of geese that ate a half ton of ex-lax. It's gotta be pounds of poop! It's the worst thing ever! ""
 
The two younger men look at each other puzzled, then turn to the 90 year old and one says,  ""wait - you piss and shit with no problems. We'd love it if that were our case. What's so bad about that? '
 
The older man looks at his friends and says,  ""yeah, sounds great, doesn't it? ""
 
The other two reply ""Sure does! So what's the problem?""
 
""Well"", the old man says, ""my problem is that I don't wake up and get out of bed until 9."""
"I hate it when people compare patriots to anti-vaxxers." "Because patriotism is racist."
"A young lady went to the church to ask for forgiveness, because she called someone a son of a bitch.... long" "When she reached there she started praying.""Oh lord, please forgive me for I called someone a son of a bitch today."". The Pastor there heard and went up to her and asked ""My child, Why did you call him a son of a bitch?"".  


The lady began talking,""I was walking to my home when he grabbed my hand.""  


The pastor grabbed her hand and said ""Like this?""  


She replies, ""Yes ! exactly the way you are grabbing it right now! ""  


The pastor replied ""See, Even I did it, It wasn't a solid reason to call someone a son of a bitch""  


She continued ,""Then he pulled me close and held my waist""  


The pastor did the same and said, ""Even I did the same, It wasn't a solid reason to call someone a son of a bitch""  


She continued, "" Then he pulled me into a backroom and kissed me""  


The pastor amazed at this luck did the same and replied, ""Even I did the same, It wasn't a solid reason to call someone a son of a bitch""  


She continued, ""He slowly undressed me, then started kissing me all over""  


The pastor now thanking god  undressed her and started kissing her body and after he kissed her all over replied, ""Even I did the same, It wasn't a solid reason to call someone a son of a bitch""  


Then the girl said in a low voice, ""It wasnt that much! He had sex with me too!""  


The pastor who wasnt going to let this situation go started doing the same to the girl. The girl didnt  seem to not want to do the same. Ten minutes passed by, twenty passed by then he finished and replied, "" Ahh ! ""Even I did the same, It wasn't a solid reason to call someone a son of a bitch, You really messed up didnt you?""  


The girl still recovering said, ""That wasnt it, after the run he said he had AIDS""  


The pastor now angrily replied, ""Now that son of a bitch has really done it!"" to which the girl replied "" I know right, Even I did the same"""
"– Did you know that Donald Trump was president?" "– Who's that?
– He was the biological father of Barron Knauss.
– Oh. Did he also have a Death Star?"
"Soo, the coup d'etat got me thinking" "What if Trump has made himself the designated survivor?"
"What do you get when you cross a rock 'n roll redneck and a highway prostitute?" "Copper Roadhead"
"What do you call a scientist who splits atoms to create bubbly beverages?" "A nuclear fizzicist."
"What do you call a person who uses algebraic equations to calculate coffin sizes?" "A mathemortician."
"A lady walks into a luxury car dealership" "A lady walks into a luxury car dealership. She browses around, spots the Top-of-the-line BMW and walks over to inspect it. As she bends over to feel the fine leather upholstery, she inadvertently breaks Wind. Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone has noticed her little accident and prays that a sales person doesn't pop up right now. As she turns around, her worst nightmare materializes in the form of a salesman standing right behind her. Cool as a cucumber and displaying complete professionalism, the salesman greets the lady With, ""Good day, Madame. How may we help you today?"" Very uncomfortably, but hoping that the salesman may just not have been there at the time of her accident, she asks, ""Sir, what is the price of this lovely vehicle?"" He answers, ""Madam, if you farted just touching it, you are going to shit yourself when I tell you the price."""
"I have a joke about digging holes .." "But it was 'boring'"
"I was blessed with a nine inch penis" "The priest who did it is now in jail."
"In other news, the United States has recently accepted a 51st state." "All the states unite around adding the State of Emergency to the country."
"Storming Area 51 might not be that hard, we should try it again some time." "Just be sure to bring an all-white crowd this time."
"I'm not exactly disappointed by today..." "but is anybody else kind of hoping for a Rudy Giuliani press conference in the parking lot of a burning sex shop?"
"What did the dinosaurs say before they went extinct?" """Wassup guys?"""
"All countries eventually got coronavirus..." " But China got it right off the bat."
"How many Pirates does it need to change a light bulb?" "None because pirates are cheap as fuck and would rather have others change it for them as they want everything to be provided to them for free, while genuinely feeling they are entitled to it as well."
"Why did the Capitol Police not fire any shots?" "They didn't knkw where to aim because there were no black people."
"among cock" "⠀⠀‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎ ‎‎‎‎‎⠀⣠⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠈⠉⠙⠻⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣿⠇⠀⢀⣴⣶⡾⠿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣀⣀⣸⡿⠀⠀⢸⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⣷⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣾⡟⠛⣿⡇⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣤⣤⣤⣤⣶⣶⣿⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⠀⠀ ⢀⣿⠀⢀⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⢴⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣆ ⢸⣿⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⣿⡇⣀⣠⣴⣾⣮⣝⠿⠿⠿⣻⡟ ⢸⣿⠀⠘⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠉⠀ ⠸⣿⠀⠀⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠻⣷⣶⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⢠⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣛⣛⣻⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣀⣀⣀⣼⡿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⡿⠀"
"What do you call the opposite of a prostitute?" "An egg. It gets laid then bought."
"I’m so thankful for the people who deliver pizza" "I’ve always hated liver!"
"My heart gets heavy thinking about the gian trash island in the ocean." "Yeah England is a joke"
"I broke up with my e-girlfriend the other day." "It felt right, we would never be able to Meets. I guess you could call her my Web-ex."
"Where does an astronaut get coffee?" Starbucks
"Why were the capitol police late?" "They did not beat the crowd..."
"Just got a new perspective on LGBT." "I have lived my life as a man who has been attracted to women. I never really understood the LGBT community until today when I really tried to see how and what it is about. So with much confidence and pleasure I now know what I am. I'm a lesbian trapped in a man's body."
"An Irishman, a Scotsman and an Englishman are on a plane." "The engine dies and they know they're screwed.
Looking around the cabin they find only two parachutes.

The Englishman says ""I'm the richest so I should get one of them. My money can do the most for the world""

The scotsman says ""my families the biggest so I should get one, there'd be the most heartbreak if I died""

The irishman sits quietly, then with a heavy sigh hands one of the parachutes to the Englishman.

Shocked the Englishman thanks him and leaps out.

The irishman then turns with tears in his eyes and hands the other chute to the scotsman.

The scotsman is taken aback ""I can't believe you'd sacrifice everything for us without a second thought. I'll do right by your family. They'll want for nothing""

""Naw"" says the irishman, tightening his own straps.
""they don't make that brand of rucksack anymore"""
"(its not the passengers joke...) I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather," "not screaming in terror like those who have to live with who he voted for"
"Drunk Man at a Grocery Store" "A drunk man is in line at the grocery store. 

The woman in front of him has a block of cheddar cheese, a half gallon of milk, and a dozen eggs.

He stumbles up to her and says, ""Why, you must be single!""

Rather surprised, she looks at him and replies, ""Yes, I am single! You could tell that just from what I'm buying?""

Without missing a beat, the drunk guy says, ""No, it's 'cause you're fuckin' ugly!"""
"The Capital has only been stormed twice in its history:" "1814 by the redcoats
2021 by the rednecks"
"Judge: I cant give you a divorce because she's crazy" "Mickey: I didnt say she was crazy I said she was fuckin Goofy"
"Can you believe what happened in DC?" "Never seen so much press for a micropenis convention, at least none I’ve been to."
"Only a bank ATM will charge you $3 to get your money back" "Then tell you to cover your pin so you don't get robbed."
"So I called the cops today on my husband" "He forgot to take his pill"
"Tons of guys always say I’m great at giving head" "So I start chopping nuts when they come over"
"You know what's worse than post-nut clarity?" "Post-nut cleanup"
"The mayans made a typo." "They meant 2021 and not 2012."
"Traffic in Washington, D.C." "A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, D.C.

Nothing was moving.

Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, ""What's going on?""

""Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.

We are going from car to car, collecting donations.""

""How much is everyone giving, on an average?"" the driver asks.

The man replies, ""Roughly a gallon."""
"What did 2021 say to 2020?" "Hold my beer and watch this."
"Do you think America's gone nuts?" "Nah.  They've gone coup coup."
"Want to get republicans on board with abortion?" "Pass a law that lets pregnant women vote twice. Call it the ""I'm voting for two"" act. Republicans will insist on publicly funded abortions after that."
"Just when I think I’m fucking done with America..." "American ain’t done fucking with me"
"He did it! He fulfilled his promise before leaving the office." "He made America Great Again! Hehe."
"After 8 years of growth, I decided to shave my long ass hair for locks of love." "Apparently they only want the hair from your head though."
"Mick joins his mates for lunch and Dan suggests they all go drinking again this Friday night." "Everyone else agrees, with the exception of Mick. 'I've quit drinking after last Friday guys'. Dan and the others gasp in collective shock. 'Why?', said Dan, 'you're usually the first one to make the suggestion in the first place!'. 'I don't want to talk about it!', said Mick, but over the hour Dan and co pestered mick constantly about the reason for his new-found sobriety. 'FINE! Fine I'll tell you!', Mick said in despair. 'I was so drunk last time that when I got home, I blew chunks, OK!?' 'The misses even filmed it to show me because she knew I wouldn't believe it...' Dave and the crew roared with laughter. 'That's it?', said Dave. 'Mate, we've all see you spew before, it's not THAT big a deal to go cold turkey'  he chuckled. 'No, you don't understand..', Mick said quietly, 'Chunks is my dog...'"
"The news reports the woman died after being shot in the capitol building." "Autopsy reports official death as COVID-19."
"It looks like we skipped 2021" "And went straight to 2020-2"
"What happens when you are hugging Dwayne Johnson and a pig?" "You’re stuck between The Rock and a lard place."
"What do women put on their ears to look more attractive?" "Their knees."
"What's the difference between Walnuts and Deer nuts?" "Walnuts are 2.95 Deer nuts are under a buck. :DD"
"A Hedgehog and a Mole went to rob a Hunter's hut. Afraid to be spotted, they went in total darkness." "Giving the circumstances, a Mole had a better luck at founding valuables, but Hedgehog wasn't far behind. He was still able to see shapes more or less, and feel things with his hands. At some point a Mole discovered a barrel of a hunting rifle, and out of curiosity, put his head inside. At the same time a Hedgehog discovered a trigger of a rifle... and long story short, BANG! A headless Mole is lying on the floor, his body wracked with violent convulsions. A Hedgehog comes to him, grabs his convulsing body and yells:

""You stupid fuck, stop laughing, I think I've gone deaf!"""
"I’m a fairy. My name’s ‘Nuff’." "Fair enough."
"If you give a prisoner an ounce of freedom" "he will give you two of meth."
"What do you call a breast that's drowning?" Sanc-tity
"What do you get when you put an 8-year old in the fridge?" "A chilled!"
"""Mom, when do the hairdressers open again?""" """I'm dad."""
"A patient went to the doctor for an operation." "Patient : Will I be fine after that? This is my first operation that's why I am afraid.

Doctor : Don't worry. This is my first operation too."
"Bruce Lee has a vegetarian brother ?" "Did you know that Bruce Lee has a vegetarian brother ? 

Well he does and hes called Broco Lee"
"What do Hitler and Juice WRLD have in similar?" "They both say 999"
"Silence or Dishes" " 

Joe wanted to buy a motorcycle.

He doesn't have much luck, until one day, he comes across a Harley with a FOR SALE sign on it.

The bike seems even better than a new one, although it is 10 years old.

It's shiny and in absolute mint condition.

He immediately buys it and asks the seller how he kept it in such great condition for 10 years.

""Well, it's quite simple really,"" says the seller, ""whenever the bike is outside and it's gonna rain, rub Vaseline on the chrome. It protects it from the rain."" (true story)

And he hands Joe a jar of Vaseline.

That night, his girlfriend, Sandra, invites him over to meet her parents. Naturally, they take the bike there. But just before they enter the house, Sandra stops him and says, ""I have to tell you something about my family before we go in.""

""When we eat dinner, we don't talk.

In fact, the first person who says anything during dinner has to do the dishes.""

""No problem,"" he says.. And in they go.

Joe is shocked. Right smack in the middle of the living room is a huge stack of dirty dishes.

In the kitchen is another huge stack of dishes. Piled up on the stairs, in the corridor, everywhere he looks, dirty dishes.

They sit down to dinner, and sure enough, no one says a word.

As dinner progresses, Joe decides to take advantage of the situation.

So he leans over and kisses Sandra. No one says a word.

So he reaches over and fondles her breasts. Still, nobody says a word.

So he stands up, grabs her, rips her clothes off, throws her on the table and screws her, right there in front of her parents.

His girlfriend is a little flustered, her dad is obviously livid and her mom horrified when he sits back down, but no one says a word.

He looks at her mom. ""She's got a great body,"" he thinks.

So he grabs the mom, bends her over the dinner table, pulls down her panties, and screws her every which way but loose right there on the dinner table.

After she has a big orgasm, he sits down again. Now his girlfriend is furious and her dad is boiling, the Mom is pleasantly beaming.

But still.... Total silence.

All of a sudden there is a loud clap of thunder, and it starts to rain.

Joe remembers his bike, so he pulls the jar of Vaseline from his pocket.

Suddenly the father shouted, **""I'll do the fuckin dishes!!""**"
"Yo mama so poor" "She can only give free reddit awards"
"What does it say on a dyslexic No Trespassing sign?" "Prosecutors will be Violated!"
"How do ants communicate with each other?" "With their antennae of course!"
Steady "I don't get steady sex.  It comes in spurts."
"Most of life’s questions can be answered with “Depends”" "Specifically for whoever smeared shit inside the capitol"
"How did the german spy get caught?" "He went into a pub in London and ordered two whiskeys.

The bartender asked him: ""Dry?""

To which he replied: ""Nein, zwei"""
"A man secretly wants to get rid of his wife's cat..." "...and decides to abandon it. He takes her into the car, drives a few blocks away, drops off the cat and drives home.

Ten minutes later, the cat is back home again.

""Well,"" the man thinks to himself, ""maybe it was a little too short a distance.""

He gets back in the car with the cat, drives 5 kilometers and sets her free. Not twenty minutes later, the cat is back home.

""That's enough!"" the man thinks to himself, takes the cat into the car and drives 20 kilometers, then through the forest, over a bridge, right, left and then finally abandons the cat in the middle of the forest in a clearing. Half an hour later, the man calls home.

""Is the cat there?"" he asks his wife.

""Yes, why?""

""Put her on the phone, I got lost."""
"Liam Neeson is retiring and going into the burger business. He first chooses his cuts of meat, then he says..." "I will grind you and I will grill you."
"What did the prostitute say when asked her profession and state of residence?" Idaho
"What do restaurant/bar receipts and the FBI have in common?" "A tip line."
"I saw a girl crying, so I asked her “Where are your parents?” and she started crying even more." "Man, I sure do love working at the orphanage."
"What do farmers and mathematicians have in common?" "They are both pro tractor users!"
"I had an ex-girlfriend who was a traffic warden and also happened to be into S&amp;M..." "Most if the time it was fine, but every she put nipple clamps on me, she charged me $200 to take them off again!"
"I was eating my girlfriend out today and suddenly she didn’t taste or smell like fish." "I could’ve kept going for once but I found it harder and harder to breathe."
"Great doc" "I went to get a prostate exam yesterday. The doc was great. He even kept both of his hands on my shoulders to comfort me."
"How do you call a group of karens" "A complaint"
"My 8 year old son came up with this one. What is an African Elephant?" "A frickin' elephant, what else would it be?"
"Q: What kind of car does Jesus drive?" "A: A Christler"
"What do you call 5 black guys hanging from a porch?" "A mississippi wind chime"
"Why do snowflakes tell such bad jokes?" "They think it's soo unique but its just white shit all over the place."
"My girlfriend once said" "Once I notice I am sharing you, I’ll just leave you for them. It’s soulmate I want not hotspot"
"What do you call an intelligent American?" "A tourist"
"Yo mama so ugly they made COVID-20 so she would keep a mask on her face." "There is no COVID-20, I hope."
"""Do not touch""" "Must be the scariest thing to read in Braille."
"[Warning] A Hitler joke" "Hitler walks into a cafe, the waiter asks him if he would like to try some freshly squeezed orange juice.

Hitler replies, ""No, I hate juice"""
"My bed is wet." "cebause I pissed in it."
"ill give you $80 to believe a lie, but if you dont believe it you have to pay me $20. ok, guy agrees." "Ive already paid you as $100 and am waiting for my change."
"An abbreviation of fanart could be fart." "“Thanks for your farts!”

“I want to make you fart”

“Your farts are so pretty”

Ok i’ll go now ;w;"
"Yo mama so ugly..." "they made COVID-20 just so she would keep a mask on her face.

&amp;#x200B;

note: there is no COVID-20, I hope..."
"Why does Mario hate trump?" "Because he was in peech twice"
"Ladies: If you had to choose between sleeping with Ryan Reynolds and me" "Why did you pick me?"
"Doctor Enters a Patient's Room" "and the doctor is saying (with a lisp) ""it's ok Thtephen, calm down.  Everything will be ok, Thteven.""  And the patient responds, ""but doctor, my name isn't Stephen, it's Mike...""  And the doctor wispers in the patient's ear, ""I KNOW, IM THTEPHEN"""
"What's a racist's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card?" "Blue Lives White Power"
"My Pillow guy, Rudolph Giuliani and Sidney Powell pass away and go to....." "My Pillow guy, Rudolph Giuliani and Sidney Powell pass away and go to heaven.
As they pass through the pearly gates, my pillow guy stops and says to St. Peter,
“Can we just get one vital question answered, before we ascend into the afterlife?”
St.Peter patiently nods and says, “ Yes, brothers and sister. What earthly concern is troubling you, here at the threshold of paradise?”
“Can you please explain how exactly the Democrats got away with stealing the election in 2020?”
St.Peter sighs, and explains that the election fraud idea was a cynical lie, perpetrated by conmen. And that the reason there wasn’t credible proof of fraud was that it did not, in fact happen.
The three are incredulous as they proceed to heaven.
They reach God and ask him the same question, “ God. Please tell us how the Democrats stole the election and got away with it?”
God says, “ My children, lift this concern from your heart and go forth, with love. The Democrats didn’t steal the election.
Giuliani elbows Sidney in the ribs and whispers “This thing goes higher than we thought!”"
"The car jacker was trying steal car with a flat tyre in Canada when..." "The car owner quickly came running to his car, apologizes to the jacker, helped him change the tyre and gave him some money to eat something on the road."
"Why is it almost impossible to solve a murder in alabama?" "Because they all have the same DNA."
"A car jacker got caught stealing a car in Canada because the rear tyre was flat." "Bunch of Canadians who caught the car jacker helped him change the tyre and the owner of the car apologized to the car jacker for the troubles."
"Why is michael jackson so bad at chess?" "Because he's dead."
"STUPID Fire extinguisher" "What do you call a stupid fire extinguisher

Flame retardant"
"What takes years to create with lots of sweat and tears and while millions have an opportunity to see or experience it, they usually don't?" "An indie game."
"I live about a four miles from my favorite pub - The Horse Brass." "It’s a 10 minute drive. I had a couple pints with my buddies and walked out to the car, and realized I needed to take a piss. Walk back? Nah, just get home, it’s 10 minutes. 

About halfway home I realized the beer pee was filling fast so I pulled in behind the Walgreens where the dumpsters are and jumped out, and ran behind them to relieve myself. 

I am pulling up my pants as I turn towards my car and a cop pulls in behind my vehicle. The officer came towards me, “been drinking tonight, sir?” he asked. 

“Yes, sir, but it was seriously only two pints over hours.”

“Well,” he replies, “you seem fine, but we should be sure. Are you sure you are fine?”

“I...I think so. Yes! I am fine.”

“Well, tell you what. I will give you a choice: you can blow on the breathalyzer and take your chance, or I write you a ticket for public indecency.”

It takes me a split second to do the math: a couple hundred dollars for a sure ticket or risk a $3,000 fine and losing my license for a year even though I am pretty sure I am under the limit. 

“Fine,” I tell him, “I will take the indecency ticket”

“Have it your way,” he responded, and he handed me a ticket. 

I looked at it and my jaw dropped. $1,200. 

Twelve hundred smackaroos. 

“What the hell!?” I said, “this is outrageous!”

I just looked at me, shrugged, and said, “Hundred bucks an inch.”"
"I’m not a player, I’m a gamer. Players get chicks." "I get bullied at school."
"So, what do you do? - I'm a supervillain" "What's your name? - Autocorrector.
 
 — HAHAHA! Are you Sirius?
 What's your super powder? Wait a minion... what the help is happy ninja to me? PLEATS MAKE IT DUCKING STOP!"
"I have to say all these comparisons to Trump and Nixon are completely unfair...." "....Nixon won reelection."
"I've been standing in this place where they keep throwing car parts at me," " but I haven't been able to catch a brake."
"How does Shrek like his eggs?" "Ogre easy."
"I caught my sister masturbating with a carrot today! I was going to it it later..." "Now it will taste like carrots!"
"EDD doubled their workforce to handle rising jobless claims" "Now they can hang up on you in half the time."
"Give a man a gun and he’ll rob a bank once. Give a man a bank..." "... and he’ll rob everyone for the rest of their lives"
"Why do women have boobs?" "So men will talk to them!"
"A priest lived in a church with three nuns..." " 

One evening the priest decided that he wanted to take a bath. He went to the washroom, filled the tub with water, and then undressed before he realized that he forgot to bring his soap.  
He wraps himself in a towel around his waist and goes back to his room to retrieve his soap, grabbing an extra one just for some extra lather, and starts to head back to the washroom.  
On his way, he hears his three nuns coming down the hallway about to round the corner. He didn't want the nuns to see him in such an unclothed state so he quickly jumps on a spot for a pedestal and positions himself to look like a statue of Jesus. During his haste, his towel falls and reveals his penis, but it's too late to retrieve it as the nuns have rounded the corner and are coming towards him.  
As they pass by one of the nuns takes notice and says, ""We seem to have gotten a new statue.""  
he gets closer and notices the penis and then states, ""This seems to be a lever of some sort, I wonder what it does."" So she pulls it, and the priest drops the soap.  
The second nun exclaims ""Oh! It's a soap dispenser! I'd like to have some soap too!""  
So the second nun pulls his penis and he drops the second bar of soap.  
The third nun reiterates the second about wanting some soap, so she pulls his penis.  
She then turns to the other two nuns and says ""Look! It's a lotion dispenser too!"""
"Why did the solipsist have such a shitty time at the solipsist's convention?" "he was the only one there"
"if your friend Jack got stuck on a horse" "would you help Jack of a horse"
"What do a 14 year old pregnant girl and the fetus inside her have in common?" "They're both thinking ""My Mom's gonna kill me."""
"Today is Jacob's birthday," "So his wife decided to surprise him, she took him to a Strip-Club House. 

At the club -

DOORMAN: Hey Jacob! How are you?

WIFE: How does he know you?

Jacob: We play Golf together!

BARTENDER: The usual beer Jacob?

WIFE: And how does he know you?

Jacob: He's on the Bowling Team!

HOT STRIPPER: The special Lap Dance again, Jacob?

The Wife storms out...... dragging Jacob with her, into a taxi!

TAXI DRIVER: Hey Jacob boy....You picked an ugly one this time...Same Hotel?

Jacob's funeral will be next Friday at 2pm prompt...."
"Say what you want about the people wearing 6MWE shirts" "At least they weren't Holocaust Deniers."
"What doe marine stand for?" "Muscles are  required intelligence not essential!"
"I just RSVP'd to a swingers wedding" "Had to pick between the chicken or the dickin'...."
"What do you call a hypochondriac dinosaur?" Triserapax
"You know what hapend to Donald trumps presidentsy" [Redacted]
"Johnny does the alphabet" "Little johnny is in class and the teacher is going through the alphabet a letter at a time. She starts with the letter “A” and all the students eagerly put their hands up to say a word that begins with the letter A.  Including Johnny.  The teacher knows better, she knows if she picks johnnyhe is gonna say “ass” or “asshole so she overlooks him and picks Lizzy... Lizzy stands up proudly and says AARDVARK! Next letter up is B. Johnny has his hand higher than anyone else but teacher once again overlooks him for what he might say and calls on another student who answers. BASEBALL. Next letter is “C” and johnny fucking WANTS IT! He wants it soooo bad he can taste it but no way is the teacher gonna let that little cunt shout CUNT in front of the whole class so again much to johnnys chagrin she overlooks him. This continues down the alphabet all the way to R and johnny has had his hand up everytime... she thinks and thinks but cant think of a bad word so reluctantly she calls on Johnny... johnny stands up proudly , stretches his arms out to his sides and says “Rats!! Big fuckers with cocks this big!!!”"
"How to know a marine used your computer" "There is white out all over the screen"
"Finding a parking spot is a lot like dating." "The further you are from the destination, the healthier you will be."
"A husband and wife create a code word for sex..." "A couple who has two kids and don't want their kids to know if they are talking about having sex, so they decided to use ""washing machine"" as a code word. 

One evening after dinner the husband asked, ""can I use the washing machine tonight?"" Wife was busy cleaning up the dishes, the house and to putting the kids to bed. She said ""probably has to be late."" And She went on and kept doing her chores.

When she finally done with everything and had a shower, she came to husband nice and clean and smelt good, asked him ""are you ready to use the washing machine?"" He said, ""it okay, I hand washed everything""."
"The teacher decided to see how many of the city kids knew what sounds farm animals made." "She asked the kids to put their hands up if they knew the correct sound. “Who knows what sound a cow makes?” she asked. 

Cindy put her hand up and said “Moooo!” 

“Very good” replied the teacher,”what sound does sheep make?” 

“Baaaa” answered Jimmy. 

She continued this for a while. Then she asked, “What sound does a pig make?” All the hands in the class went up. She was surprised at the response. 

She chose Little Johnny at the back of the class. He stood up, took a deep breath, and screamed, “UP AGAINST THE WALL MUTHA_FUCKA”."
"Cyberpunk has the most unrealistic feature of all" "No Los Angeles Freeway Traffic"
"I wasn’t sure about getting involved in human trafficking." "But now I’m sold."
"why cant i upload anything" 
"What's red and bad for your teeth?" 
"Ever tried having sex while camping?" "It’s fucking intents"
"Some people say once you go black you don't go back....." "I think it should be once you go black you don't have credit."
"To all those men who refuse to share a bed with a mate cause they're not gay:" "If you share a bed with a woman, you are not a lesbian.

But pretty soon she'll be..."
"When I was young, I brought a pie to the USA, a pie to Russia, and a pie to North Korea." "All because my maths teacher told me to carry pie to 3 dismal places."
"There's a sub-reddit called 'Earth Porn'" "I've heard about fertilizing soil, but that's ridicules."
"What is the most common form of stress that leads to divorce?" "A Mistress"
"What do you call a union of prostitutes?" Whoreganisation.
"How are old people like golf players?" "They’re both trying to get the least number of strokes."
"Guy walks into a bar...." "A guy walks into a bar and sits on a stool and order himself a beer. While waiting for the barmaid to pull his beer, he notices a large jar full of cash sat on the bar. He ask the barmaid 'What is with the jar of cash'. She says to him 'Oh, you can win that if you make the donkey in the corner over there laugh'

Without hesitation he walks over to the donkey and whispers in his ear. The donkey falls on the floor laughing hysterically. The guy walks back to the bar and the barmaid congratulates him as gives him the money from the jar. He drinks his beer and leaves.

About 2 weeks later he is passing the bar again and pops in a second time. The jar on the bar is filled with cash again. He says 'Let me guess, I have to make the donkey laugh again..?'

The barmaid says 'no this time you have to make him cry'.

The guy walks over to see the donkey and after a few moments the donkey starts crying. 

The guy walks back to the bar sits down and orders a beer. Again the barmaind congratulates him and gives him the money.

Surprised how this guy was able to win the money both times, she asked 'So how did you manage to manage to make him laugh and cry so easily..?'

The man replies 'The first time I told him my cock was bigger, the second time I showed him'"
"This blender I just bought doesn't seem to be working right" "I keep getting mixed results"
"A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY." " The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game?


 The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, ""I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vice versa. ""


 Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, ""Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00."" This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.


 The lawyer asks the first question. ""What's the distance from the earth to the moon?"" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. ""Okay"" says the lawyer, ""your turn."" She asks the lawyer, ""What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?"" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer.

Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. 


After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00. The blonde says, ""Thank you,"" and turns back to get some more sleep. 


The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, ""Well, what's the answer?"" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep. And you thought blondes were dumb."
"Simple Six-pack" "I hate dieting so I started cooking all my meals in an easy make ab-oven"
"A banker and a priest walk into a bar" "And the bartender says “How many people have you fucked today?”"
"A kid goes to his dad and says ""Daddy, I have to write a special report for school, but I don't know what politics is.""" "

Father: ""Well, let's take our home as an example. I am the bread-winner, so let's call me Capitalism. Your Mum is the administrator of money, so we'll call her Government. We take care of your need, so let's call you The People. We'll call the maid the Working Class and your brother we can call The Future. Do you understand son?"" 

Son: ""I'm not really sure, Dad. I'll have to think about it."" 

That night awakened by his brother's crying, the boy went to see what was wrong. Discovering that the baby had seriously soiled his diaper, the boy went to his parents' room and found his mother sound asleep. He went to the maid's room, where, peeking through the keyhole, he saw his father in bed with the maid. The boy's knocking went totally unheeded by his father and the maid, so the boy returned to his room and went back to sleep. 

The next morning he reported to his father. 

Son: ""Dad, now I think I understand what Politics is."" 

Father: ""Good son! Can you explain it to me in your own words?"" 

Son: ""Well Dad, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, Government is sound asleep, the People are being completely ignored and the Future is full of shit."""
"A kid goes to his dad and says ""Daddy, I have to write a special report for school, but I don't know what politics is.""" "

Father: ""Well, let's take our home as an example. I am the bread-winner, so let's call me Capitalism. Your Mum is the administrator of money, so we'll call her Government. We take care of your need, so let's call you The People. We'll call the maid the Working Class and your brother we can call The Future. Do you understand son?"" 

Son: ""I'm not really sure, Dad. I'll have to think about it."" 

That night awakened by his brother's crying, the boy went to see what was wrong. Discovering that the baby had seriously soiled his diaper, the boy went to his parents' room and found his mother sound asleep. He went to the maid's room, where, peeking through the keyhole, he saw his father in bed with the maid. The boy's knocking went totally unheeded by his father and the maid, so the boy returned to his room and went back to sleep. 

The next morning he reported to his father. 

Son: ""Dad, now I think I understand what Politics is."" 

Father: ""Good son! Can you explain it to me in your own words?"" 

Son: ""Well Dad, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, Government is sound asleep, the People are being completely ignored and the Future is full of shit."""
"Two Germans go out for brunch one day." "They sit down at precisely 10:45, open their menus simultaneously, and contemplate the food choices in silence. After a few moments, the first German looks up.

""Would you like to hear a joke?"" he asks.

The second German thinks for a moment. ""Well done,"" he replies, ""that was very funny."""
"If slow zombies like Walking Dead happened then I'm gonna need a lot of bullets. If 28 Days Later style Rage Virus zombies happen..." "then I only need one bullet."
"What is the most terrifying word in Nuclear physics?" Oops!!!!
"I’d like to tell you a secondhand chiropractor joke" "I heard it about a week back"
"How do you know hillbilly’s are in love?" "When they tongue swap their Copenhagen"
"What's the best way to make apple crumble?" "Remind her that her mum's Gwynneth Paltrow and her dad's in Coldplay."
"I bet" "Most people have better smelling breath today than they did before Covid-19."
"What’s the least used function in smartphones nowadays?" "The phone function."
"what do you call a duck. in a box?" "a QUACKer"
"A couple driving home hit and wounded a skunk on the road." "The wife gets out and brings it back to the car.
""We need to take it to a vet. Its shivering, it must be cold, what should I do?"" she asks.
Husband replies ""Put it between your legs to keep it warm.""
""But it stinks!"" she exclaims.
""So hold its nose!"""
"What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?" "The porcupine has the pricks on the outside."
"I hate when people smoke in the porta potties at my job" "It makes it hard to enjoy my sandwich"
"I hate when people leave cigarettes in urinals" "It makes them hard to light"
"I tried to get to 2nd base with this French girl I met at the zoo" "but I couldn't get past ze bra."
"How do pigs wash their hands?" "With Ham sanitizer."
"A man marries his sweetheart, Wendy." "In honor of her he decides to get her name tattooed on his dick. W E N D Y. After the wedding, they head out to Jamaica for their honeymoon. One evening, at a local dance club, he wanders into the bathroom to take a piss. 

There next to him is a large Rastafarian man. They stand silently next to each other at the urinals. He doesn’t mean to, but he happens to glance down and see that the Rasta has W Y tattooed on his cock. Excited, the man blurts out: “Hey! You have a Wendy too?!” to which the Rasta gently replies “No, No, No, mon, mine says Welcome To Jamaica, Have A Nice Day!”"
"I asked my wife, “Did you know that there’s a fruit that would give you your entire potassium requirement for the day?”" "Her: That’s bananas.

Me: I know, I couldn’t believe it either."
"I bought two whores named success and destiny with my last $500" "Now I have neither 
:("
"What do you call it when you get breast implants for your wife?" "Quality of wife upgrade"
"when do knights sleep?" "knight time"
"What do you call a headache caused my someone stealing your wheat" My-grain
"How did Mozart hunt deer?" "With his Wolfgang."
"What do you call a pleasant bug on a tree" "Wood ant you like to know"
"What’s the worst part about being black and Jewish?" "Having to sit at the back of the train"
"My wife got angry at me because I was drunkenly shoveling the driveway when she got home." "I don't get it. I told her I'd stop drinking this winter, with snow exceptions."
"What happens if the hero of time gets kidnapped?" "He becomes the missing link"
"A man walks into a bar" "Lucky bastard!"
"My girlfriend told me this morning: "" I want you to be naughty to me in the shower.""" "So I put shampoo in her eyes."
"A guy goes for an interview at a dating agency. “So, Mr Smith how would describe the ladies you have dated before?” “Well, they have been ok, by and large.” ..." "“And are looking for the same again or are you looking for someone straight and maybe a little more petite this time?”"
"Where do sheep get their hair cut?" "The baa baa shop."
"[NSFW] A stranger walks up to an Egyptian man" " at the Cairo bazaar and offers to sell him contraband Viagra for 100 Egyptian pounds.
 The Egyptian man says, ""No, not worth it."" 
The stranger says, ""How about 20?""
 The Egyptian man says, ""No, not worth it."" 
The stranger says, ""How about 10?"" 
The Egyptian man says, ""No, not worth it."" 
The stranger says, ""Listen, these pills cost $10 each in the U.S. How can you say they're not worth it?"" 
The Egyptian man says, ""Oh, the pills are worth it my wife isn't."""
"Do you know Chinese people have very bad knees?" "When they meet each other, they often ask: ""knee how?"""
"I like my women as I like my movies" "Cloudy with a chance of meatballs"
"Dear Humans," "You get mad at me when I work....You get mad at me when I don't work.

Sincerely, 

Confused alarm clock."
"what do cars eat?" CARrots
"A man decides that he wants to become a farmer..." "... so he heads out into the countryside to ask for his cousin's help.

""The way I see it,"" the man says, ""I should probably start small. I'll need a chicken and a rooster, and I'll also need a donkey to haul my cultivator.""

The cousin scratches his chin as he listens to this. ""Well, even before that,"" he replies, ""you'll need to learn the right terminology. Around these parts, you'd say 'I need a pullet and a cock, plus an ass to haul my plow.'""

The man thanks his cousin for the lesson, then leaves to examine nearby farms. He comes limping back less than an hour later, looking like he has been beaten to within an inch of his life.

""What happened?!"" the cousin exclaims. ""Did you get thrown off a horse?!""

The man shakes his head. ""I met a farmer with a broken cultivator attached to his donkey, and I wanted to make a neighborly first impression... but I tried to do some research at the same time.""

""'Research?'"" the cousin repeats.

""Yeah,"" the man replies. ""So I walked over to the farmhouse and found his wife. I asked her, 'Hey, can I look at your husband's cock and pullet?' When she said no, I said, 'Well, at least let me give his ass a good plow!'"""
"One cell looks at another and asks “why is meiosis so popular?”" "The other looks back and says “Well, sex cells.”"
"One looks at the other and asks “Why is meiosis so popular?”" "The other cell looks back and says “Well, sex cells.”"
"I recently started writing a mystery novel..." "...Or did I?"
"At my kids school they are apperently trying to make parents drive slow" "They've installed some kind of screaming speed bumps. Bit to much if you ask me."
"I gave away all of my dead batteries today," "Free of charge."
"Fruit Loops is putting marshmallows in their cereal like Lucky Charms" "I guess Toucan play that game"
"The time I pooped myself at school" "I’ve pooped myself at school twice. One of them was when I was at this private school called killian hill. I was 6. We were busy working on a worksheet that was essentially just numbering a sheet with 100 squares. The big in front of me turns around and says, “hey stick your pencil in my ear”. So I did. Just a little tip-dip right around the rim. Just a little one. I go back to my work but he persists with, “no, deeper”

So I did 

I stuck it in deep. He begins to scream at the exact time I realize just how much I’ve fucked up. I panic and remove my lodged pencil and pretend to work. Everyone is freaking out but I’m just being the studious kid that’s totally oblivious to anything that’s happening directly in front of me less than a foot away. The teacher loses her shit. She grabs my popsicle sticks out of the pouch with my name on it. She snaps them in half and throws them in the trash. I worked so hard all week to make sure I had earned enough popsicle sticks to get treasure box on Friday. All that effort now for nothing. But the minute those bent and crushes sticks hit the trash I knew this was serious. I shit myself. Just like my used and discarded food product knew how bad this was and wanted to get away from me as fast as possible 

I get sent to the principles office who upon hearing what I did became irate. I knew it was coming. It was the paddle. I got the three good snacks and as the paddle met my ass each time I could feel the poop smearing in my underwear. My mom had to come and pick me up from school early that day. I had to think up an amazing lie and I thought I had struck gold with this one

I said, “mom, I was working on a worksheet and I was holding the pencil horizontally out beside my head as I thought. The boy behind me flicked it and it shot like a rocket right into the boy’s ear”

All my mom said was, “okay”

And I knew I was a genius 

Anyway, the moral of the story is you can get away with anything when your moms dying from cancer"
"I got caught stealing a leg of lamb from the store. The security guard shouted "" Hey, what are you doing with that ? "" I replied.." ".."" Potatoes, peas and gravy would be nice """
"NSFW What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?" "**gagging sounds**"
"Time is like cleavage." "

The more you squeeze them together, the more you get."
"I once dated a girl named Down" "She was a real drag, but then I met her twin sister who was the complete opposite. As you'd expect, I eventually fucked Up."
"What did the youngest piggy in the family always get stuck wearing?" "Ham me downs"
"What's the difference between two blokes having sex and two women having sex?" "There are loads, actually"
"How do dyslexic cows organise their time?" "With a dairy"
"Guy: If you had no legs, would you wear shoes?" "Girl: how would I wear shoes if I had no legs?


Guy: then why do you wear a bra?"
"ok, so I worked in a bank for a couple of months, and on one of my first days an old lady asked me if i could help check her balance." "i said “ok, are you sure?”
she said “yes, 100%”

I gave her a little push, and sure enough she fell over!

(p.s dont worry, she isnt ok)"
"(NSFW) I have a sexual fetish for intellectual breakthroughs" "I struggled for a while, but then I came to a realization"
"An old lady gave a bus driver some peanuts..." "So the driver happily munches on them...Every five minutes she gives him another handful of peanuts. The bus driver asks her why don’t you eat them yourself? She replied, “I can’t eat them because I don’t have teeth”.  The driver asked her why she even bothers buying them. To which she replied, “Oh, I love the chocolate coating around them”."
"I'm an antivax parent, I want to keep my 3 children healthy" "edit: 2 children

edit: 1 child

edit: 0 children"
"Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bill Clinton are among the passengers on a boat that’s about to sink." "As the ship begins to capsize, Carter yells, “Quick, save the women and children!”
Nixon replies, “Screw the women!”
Clinton wonders out loud, “Do we have time for that?”"
"I saw a guard slacking and he was surprised to see me." "I think I caught him off guard."
"What's the difference between a Tuna and a Piano" "You can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna."
"What do you call it when a blond dies their hair brunette?" "Artificial Intelligence"
"Why was the blacksmith charged with?" Forgery.
"In bed with my wife." "Lying there facing her, I looked into her eyes and said,

""Looking at your face reminds me of the Lottery."" 

She replied. ""You mean I am worth millions?!!""

I said, ""No, I wish you'd fucking roll over!!"""
"A man walks in a sperm bank with a gun." "A man walks into a sperm bank with the gun, and orders the lady at the desk to open the safe. Startled, she tells him ""sir this is a sperm bank, there is no money in here."" Annoyed, he then tells her ""I told you to open the damn safe!"" 

She opens it and gets a vial of sperm out. ""Now drink it!"" he says. ""You want me to do what sir?"" says the clerk. ""Drink it!"" he says. 

She drinks the sperm out of the vial and swallows. After a few seconds, the gunman takes off his mask, and it's her husband. ""See, it wasn't that fucking hard now was it?!"""
"What goes in pink and tasty but comes out brown and smelly?" "Your dick in my ass."
"What TV shows are squeaky clean?" "Soap Operas"
"The president of the USA is meeting with the president of Russia at Moscow" "The USA president sees a red button next to his chair, hr presses it once and a ice water bucket falls on his face, he press it second time and the chair gives him a punch, he presses third time and the chair kicks him out.
Few months later the Russian President comes to Washington, he sees a red button next to his chair, he presses it once and nothing happens, he presses it twice and nothing happens, he presses it a third time and still nothing happens, he says to the USA president: your chair sucks, i am going to return to Moscow where the chairs are way more interesting.
The USA president reply: What Moscow?"
"For my cake day, I will eat an entire chocolate cake and drink a whole bottle of wine..." "...I mean it's just like any other day really so why should I do anything different?"
"What’s the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster that got breast implants?" "One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean."
"Little Johnny took a drink, but he will drink no more," "for what he thought was H₂O was H₂SO₄."
"My dad said I wasn't smart enough to survive the zombie apocalypse...." "I replied ""that's fine, zombies crave brains so I guess I'm safe.""

He then called me a smartass to which I replied ""oh no! not my ass!"""
"What does a gun and a hot cheetos have in common?" "When you pull it out of class, everyone suddenly wants to become your friend."
"What do you call a police officer that’s had too much to drink?" ACAB
"Monday Science" "I have finally figured out how to successfully clone a human…

Needless to say, I am beside myself."
"Men with tattoos used to make people nervous...." 
"There are two types of people in this world. Those that understand binary," [deleted]
"A surgeon friend of mine has just lost his job" "After he admitted to having sex with one of his patients. I’m gutted for him as he’s a cracking bloke and a bloody good vet."
"Why did Jeff Bezos get divorced?" 
"Someone has been stealing from James' apple tree." [deleted]
"Co-workers doubled down on my pro nuclear energy post" [deleted]
"Year jokes" [deleted]
"How do you increase your net worth by 10x or more this month?" 
"What is comparable to drinking a non alcoholic beer ?" "Going down on your sister, it tastes the same but you know it's wrong."
"Bart goes to a bar" 
"Last night, police were called to the scene of the murder of Mr. Mike Patterson, owner of a local 99¢ Store, who had a vintage porcelain cat figurine lodged in his skull." "This is the first recorded incident of a ""knick-knack-Patty-wack""."
"The Robin Barron lets the Cat ouf of the Bag" "The Robin Barron raises a motion to prohibiting the riff raff hunting worms.

Now the cat is out of the bag.

Hunger drives the Pigeonlatariate to call for state regulation of the bird feeder.

The Black Birdgeosisie pontificate on the mobs of raucous Gold Pinchers fouling up the water bath.

What a mess. 

At least there are Great Tits."
"Bartender: what can I get you?" """whatever they put in lava lamps please"""
"An elderly man goes to his family doctor" """Doctor, every morning at 7am I open my bowels""

""Well, having regulat bowel movements is a positive thing, especially at your age. I don't see the problem with that""

""Doctor, you don't understand. Every morning at 7 o'clock sharp, I open my bowels!

""It is a bit unusual, but I would not be too concerned about it. What is the problem if you open your bowels at 7 in the morning?

""The problem is that I usually wake up at 8!"""
"The least specific name for a “Friends” episode:" "“The one where Rachel’s nipples were erect”"
"If you believe in telekinetics" "Raise my hand"
"How to determine the status of a couple in a single convo in bed" [deleted]
"Turn It Off and On Again" "Whoever said that the definition of insanity is doing the  same thing over and over again and expecting different results has  obviously never had to reboot a computer.

 *—William Petersen*"
"What's the difference between the Titanic and the Republican Party?" [deleted]
"FOR SALE BY OWNER..." 
"Life is like an asshole" "You never know who is gonna be the next one to fuck it up."
"My daughter keeps saying she autocorrected her car.." [deleted]
"I love the look on the poor sods faces when I drive by them and they're pissed wet through and freezing cold at the bus stop" "Partly why I took the job as a bus driver tbh"
"Last To Die" "When you die, which part of your body is LAST to die? 

Your eyes... they dilate!"
"[OC,not a repost] What do you call a Chinese farmer working far away in a field ?" "Far""ming"""
"I got kicked out of the hospital" "because I told the Covid patients to stay positive"
"What do farmers use horsekins for?" "They keep horses in them."
CHINA 
"Lost track of my work because I just heard my car was involved in a drive-by" "My Focus is shot."
"My wife is being harassed online by some guy sending her unsolicited dick pics so I had the FBI look into it" [deleted]
"Did you hear about the man who was run over by the police?" "He was arrested under suspension of law."
"Where did the blonde with a drinking problem go?" "To the Automobiles Association."
"I asked my chem teacher wether he knew the formula for nitrous oxide" "Unfortunately he said no

EDIT:

for the people complaining about how i messed up the formula name, its a joke, it doesnt matter"
"Boy calls 991" [deleted]
"I couldn’t raise my grades" "So I put them up for adoption

   -Sun Tzu"
"My wife accused me of being immature" "I told her to get out of my fort."
"I've just been to visit my best friends new baby boy. They actually asked me did I want to wind the baby, which I thought was a bit harsh.." [deleted]
"Did you hear about the recent discovery of a giant, reptile-like predator with hemorrhoids?" "It was a Tyrannosaurass."
"not really a joke but..." [deleted]
"Boy: your teeth are like stars" "GIRL: Aww.. thanks are they that much pretty?


Boy: no, far away from each other"
"I made a vegan cake out of Pokemon" "It was butterfree"
"Did you hear the pasta makers in Italy revolted?" "It was a ravioli-tion"
"I just thought of this and I can't get it out of my mind." "Teacher: What are the biggest causes of air pollution.

Student: Gases realeased from vehicles like trucks and cars.

Student: Factories that release gases like Co2 from burning fuels.

Student: There are 7 BILLION people living on earth, so there is more than a TRILLION farts released to the year every year."
"Why did the wife of an accupucture specialist walk out on him?" "He was needling her too much..."
"A weeping woman bursts into her hypnotist's office" "A weeping woman bursts into her hypnotist's office

""I have been faithful to my husband for 15 years, but yesterday I had an affair!"" she sobbed.

""The guilt is killing me. I just want to forget that it never happened!""

The hypnotherapist shakes his head and sighs. ""Not again...."""
"A 911 operator gets a call." """911 what's your emergency?"" the operator asks.

""I'm smoking."" replied a middle-aged woman.

""Sorry, ma'am but you shouldn't be calling 911. Please contact an expert if you need help.""  The operator hangs up the phone.

The phone rings again.

""911, what's your emergency?"" the operator asks again.

""I'm smoking."" replied the same woman.

""Sorry, ma'am but you should not be calling 911. You are aware you called us just now correct?""

""Yeah.""

""Well then please do not call us unless you have a proper emergency. Thank you."" The operator hangs up the phone.

The phone rings again.

""I swear to god if it's that woman I'm gonna have a seizure."", the operator mumbles under his breath.

""911, what's your emergency?"" the operator asks again.

""I'm smoking."" replied the same woman.

""Excuse me but you know it's a crime for prank calls like this right? Please contact an expert if you have problems with any smoking issues."" He hangs up the phone.

It rings again, with the same number. The operator, clearly infuriated, picks up the phone.

""YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO CALL THIS NUMBER IF YOU DON'T HAVE AN EMERGENCY!""

""Sorry but-""

""NO BUTS! IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH SMOKING PLEASE CONTACT AN EXPERT! DO YOU HAVE AN ACTUAL EMERGENCY?!""

""Yes I do.""

""What is it then?!""

""I'm on fire."""
"Cowboy Joe goes to church" "Cowboy Joe was telling his fellow cowboys, back on the ranch, about his first visit to a big-
city church.
""When I got there, they had me park my old truck in the corral,"" Joe began.
""You mean the parking lot,"" interrupted Charlie, a more worldly fellow.
""I walked up the trail to the gate,"" Joe continued.
""The sidewalk to the door,"" Charlie corrected him.
""Inside the door, I was met by this dude,"" Joe went on.
""That would be the usher,"" Charlie explained.
""Well, the usher led me down the chute,"" Joe said.
""You mean the aisle,"" Charlie said.
""Then he led me to a stall and told me to sit there,"" Joe continued.
""Pew,"" Charlie retorted.
""Yeah,"" recalled joe. ""That's what that pretty lady said when I sat down beside her."""
"Have you guys heard about this new birth control method?" "It's a rock. You put it in your shoe, it makes you limp."
"Sick Lizard" "Just after dinner one night, my son came up to tell me there was ""something wrong"" with one of the two lizards he holds prisoner in his room. 

""He's just lying there looking sick,"" he told me. ""I'm serious, Dad. Can you help?"" 

I put my best lizard-healer expression on my face and followed him into his bedroom. One of the little lizards was indeed lying on his back, looking stressed. I immediately knew what to do. 

""Honey,"" I called, ""come look at the lizard!"" 

""Oh, my gosh!"" my wife exclaimed. ""She's having babies."" 

""What?"" my son demanded. ""But their names are Bert and Ernie, Mom!"" 

I was equally outraged. 

""Hey, how can that be? I thought we said we didn't want them to reproduce,"" I said accusingly to my wife. 

""Well, what do you want me to do, post a sign in their cage?"" she inquired. 

""No, but you were supposed to get two boys!"" 

""Yeah, Bert and Ernie!"" my son agreed. 

""Well, it's just a little hard to tell on some guys, you know,"" she said.

By now the rest of the family had gathered to see what was going on. I shrugged, deciding to make the best of it. 

""Kids, this is going to be a wondrous experience,"" I announced. ""We're about to witness the miracle of birth."" 

""Oh, gross!"" they shrieked. 

We peered at the patient. After much struggling, what looked like a tiny foot would appear briefly, vanishing a scant second later. 

""We don't appear to be making much progress,"" I noted. 

""It's breech,"" my wife whispered, horrified. 

""Do something, Dad!"" my son urged. 

""Okay, okay."" Squeamishly, I reached in and grabbed the foot when it next appeared, giving it a gentle tug. It disappeared. I tried several more times with the same results. 

""Should I call 911?"" my eldest daughter wanted to know. 

""Let's get Ernie to the vet,"" I said grimly. We drove to the vet with my son holding the cage in his lap. 

""Breathe, Ernie, breathe,"" he urged. 

The vet took Ernie back to the examining room and peered at the little animal through a magnifying glass. 

""What do you think, Doc, a C-section?"" I suggested scientifically. 

""Oh, very interesting,"" he murmured. 

""Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, may I speak to you privately for a moment?"" 

I gulped, nodding for my son to step outside. 

""Is Ernie going to be okay?"" my wife asked. 

""Oh, perfectly,"" the vet assured us. ""This lizard is not in labor. In fact, that isn't EVER going to happen.  Ernie is a boy. You see, Ernie is a young male. And occasionally, as they come into maturity, like most male species, they um . . . um . . . masturbate. Just the way he did, lying on his back."" He blushed, glancing at my wife. 

We were silent, absorbing this. 

""So, Ernie's just, just . . . excited,"" my wife offered. 

""Exactly,"" the vet replied, relieved that we understood. 

More silence. 

Then my vicious, cruel wife started to giggle. 

And giggle. And then even laugh loudly. 

Tears were now running down her face. ""It's just . . . that . . . I'm picturing you pulling on its . . . its . . . teeny little . . ."" 

She gasped for more air to bellow in laughter once more. 

""That's enough,"" I warned. We thanked the vet and hurriedly bundled the lizard and our son back into the car. He was glad everything was going to be okay. 

""I know Ernie's really thankful for what you did, Dad,"" he told me. 

""Oh, you have NO idea,"" my wife agreed, collapsing with laughter. 

Moral of the story: Pay attention in biology class. Lizards lay eggs"
"Why did the eyeglasses walk into the classroom quietly?" "They didn’t want to make a spectacle"
"Billionaires saying they will donate their wealth to charity" "... is just a fancy way of saying ""Over my dead body""."
"Prime Minister's Wife Makes a Faux Pas" "When Charles deGaulle decided to retire from public life, the British ambassador and his wife threw a gala dinner party in his honor. At the dinner table, the Ambassador's wife was talking with Madame deGaulle: ""Your husband has been such a prominent public figure, such a presence on the French and international scene for so many years! How quiet retirement will seem in comparison. What are you most looking forward to in these retirement years?""

""A penis,"" replied Madame deGaulle.

A huge hush fell over the table. Everyone heard her answer... and no one knew what to say next.

Le Grand Charles leaned over to his wife and said, ""Ma cherie, I believe ze English pronounce zat word, 'appiness!'"""
"What did the boomer say when he reversed his car?" [deleted]
"A guy walks into a bar and sits down next to a good-looking woman, when he starts to look at his watch." 
"What does an angel say at a pastry shop?" "Donut be afraid"
"Those hedge funds should have known they'd lose money by shorting GME." "As for us Gamestop customers, we fully expect to sell something for $20 and have to spend $500 when we want to buy it back."
"If dolphins could code..." "they'd program in C."
"For people who make a living drying and selling grapes..." [deleted]
"Me: Do you remember two girls one cup?" "Interviewer: I meant do you have any questions about the job..."
"Child Abuse" [deleted]
"One thing that you shouldn't say to Marie Antoinette" " You left my head hanging in shame"
"What type of music can’t ginger people listen to?" Soul
"What type of mucus can’t ginger people listen to?" [deleted]
"My grandad said there’s gangs at his retirement village" "The blood clots and the cripples"
"There's a woman I've been texting with recently. She's direct." """Drinks on the balcony at 6.""

""Why don't you get the shower ready for me?""

""Kids? Someday?""

""If you don't respond to my texts I'm going to have to find a new butler.""

I guess I don't have her figured out after all."
"What do you call a Mongol leader who swindles people out of their hard earned cash?" "Ghengis Khan Man."
"Two poor men dream of going to America" "They hear of American food and how great it is and, in particular, the hotdog.

So they work hard and save their money for many years before finally traveling to America. Upon arriving, they immediately run off the boat and to the nearest hotdog stand. Eagerly, they throw their money at the stand and both get their own hotdogs.

The two men stand there for a second, both looking a little disappointed. Finally, one looks up at the other, “well, what part of the dog did you get?”"
"What is common between Pikachu and 6 Million Jews?" [deleted]
"A joke from my 7 year old... What do you call a man who dips biscuits into his cup of tea?" Duncan
"Dude buys two dogs." "Names them One and Two. One ran away but he's still got Two."
"I never thought that I was Popular until I saw myself on the TV" [deleted]
"A salesman knocked on my door." "He asked me if I wanted to buy a Gideon's Bible or I want to listen to him read the book of Psalms.

He was a stammerer."
"Did you hear about the power cut in a Dublin department store?" 
"If a tree falls....." "A tree falls in the forest but doesn't make a sound.

Hunter in camouflage gear: ""WHAT THE HECK???!"" 

Tree: ""I mean, AAAAAARGH, I fell!"""
"One day I'll have to cook for myself to save money." "I'm telling my mother that I'll have to get better at cooking to save money when I move away. My 13 y.o. sister interrupts by saying, ""Your water bill from flushing so much will make up for that."""
"One day I'll have to cook myself to save money" [deleted]
"Who is Macbeth's clean cousin?" Macbath
"What did god say when Eve went skinny dipping for the first time?" "Damn, i will never get that sent out of my fish."
"My doctor told me that getting a vasectomy would prevent my wife from getting pregnant." "Actually, it just changes the color of the baby."
"No arms, no cookies" "Kid: Mommy I want cookies.

Mom: The cookies are up there in the shelf, get them.

Kid: But mommy I ain't got no arms.

Mom: Well kiddo, no arms, no cookies!"
"The handyman asked when he should come fix the hinges" "I said anytime. The door's always open."
"Either the internet is broken or my heart is broken" "The internet swears today is Tuesday, but in my heart I know it’s Friday!"
"A man is walking down the road when he sees a pet shop." "In the window is a cat with a sign saying ""Genuine Netherlands cat"".
The man thinks,""I've been breeding cats for years and I've never heard of the Netherlands breed.
So he goes into the shop and asks the shopkeeper, ""How Dutch is that moggy in the window?"""
"How does a Gay Australian say “Hi”" g’ay
"What do you call a pig with 3 eyes ?" Piiig.
"""Harry, I want to tell you something. I'm gay"", says Remo Lupin" """What? Are you fucking serious?""

""No Harry, I'm fucking Severus"""
"Not a very good mind-reader" "Not a very good mind reader



I was at crappy work related function when the act - a kind of magician/mind-reader - asked me the old ""think of a card, any card"" routine, and that he would be able to read my mind and name the card. 

Him: Do you have the card in your mind?

Me: Yes

Him: is it... The three of clubs

Me: No

Him: ... Jack of hearts?

Me: No

Him:

Me:

Him: Oh I give up. 

Me:

Him: Well what is it then??

Me: 'Condolances for your loss'"
"What do blind people beat off to?" Thots
"What was Aquaman doing at the club" "he was sea-king pussy"
"Talking Dog For Sale:" "My friend Steve spots a sign outside a house that reads “Talking Dog for Sale.” Intrigued, he rings the bell. The dog answers the door, and his owner isn’t far behind.

“So what have you done with your life?” Steve asks the dog.

“I’ve led a very full life,” says the dog. “I lived in the Alps rescuing avalanche victims. Then I served my country in Iraq, then worked for the FBI’s Serial Killer unit. I’m semi-retired now, and now I spend my days reading to the residents of a retirement home.”

Steve is flabbergasted. He asks the dog’s owner, “Why on earth would you want to get rid of an incredible dog like that?”

The owner says, “Because he’s a dirty liar! He never did any of that!”"
"If you look in medusa's eyes you'll turn into stone. But if you look at medusa's boobs your penis will turn into stone." NSFW
"A doctor is about to write a prescription for his patient." "The Dr reaches in his shirt pocket and pulls out a thermometer.  He looks at it confused for a second and then looks at the patient and says, shit, some asshole must have my pen!"
"I like my women like i like my spagetti" "WITH SAUCE ON TOP"
"My local hospital had to ban Xmas decorations" "To many people were getting tinselitis!"
"Talk with your physician to determine if you are eligible for HBO therapy." "I called my insurance company to see if HBO was covered. They said it was out of network."
"Why do Canadian Cannibals starve so fast?" "Even if they can hunt and kill, they'd eat Nunavut."
"My flat earther friend decided to walk to the end of the earth, to prove it was flat." "In the end, he came around."
"""Son, I think it's time to talk about pornography, as men.""" """Son, I think it's time to talk about pornography, as men.""

""What about it exactly?""

""How the hell do you delete the history so mother doesn't find out?""

&amp;#x200B;

(translated, sorry if not properly)"
"Why did the Bannanaphone sell so well?" "It had appeal"
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" "To find a place where no one would question his intention of crossing the road."
"Why do Canadian Cannibals starve so fast?" "Even if they can hunt and kill, they won't eat Nunavut."
"What do you get if you mix male elephant DNA and female chihuahua DNA?" "One fewer chihuahua on Earth"
"An angry guy walks into a bar" "he whips out a .44 magnum and shouts ""who the hell fucked my wife"", everybody is silent until a guy sitting at the back of the bar says ""mate you don't have enough bullets"""
"I made it! Congrats to everyone else who made it through No Nut November!" "I'm glad I can finally have trail mix with peanuts in it again."
"Strap On" "... backwards it spells ""no parts"""
"To the person who stole my glasses..." "I will find you, I have many contacts"
"Coronavirus removes your sense of smell and your sense of humor" "Either that or the recent posts in r/Jokes are not really jokes"
"Did you hear about the skinny cross-country runner who finished in last?" "He was running a little behind"
"What do you call a kitten that lost their tongue?" Mew-t
"Labradors are some of the nicest dogs" "Of course they are,  they're canadians."
"A guy sits at a bar in a skyscraper restaurant high above the city." "A guy sits at a bar in a skyscraper restaurant high above the city. He slams a shot of tequila, goes over to the window and jumps out.

The guy sitting next to him can’t believe what he just saw. He’s more surprised when, 10 minutes later, the same guy walks back into the bar and sits down next to him.

The astonished onlooker asks, “How did you do that? I just saw you jump out the window, and we’re hundreds of feet above the ground!”

The jumper responds by slurring, “Well, I don’t get it either. I slam a shot of tequila, and when I jump out the window, the tequila makes me slow down right before I hit the ground. Watch.” He takes a shot, goes to the window and jumps out.

The other guy runs to the window and watches as the guy falls to just above the sidewalk, slows down and lands softly on his feet. A few minutes later, the jumper walks back into the bar.

The other guy has to try it, too, so he orders a shot of tequila. He slams it and jumps out the window. As he reaches the bottom, he doesn’t slow down at all. SPLAT!

The first guy orders another shot of tequila. The bartender shakes his head in denial and said, “You’re really an a**hole when you’re drunk, Superman.”"
"I hate shower sex" "My dick always gets stuck in the drain"
"When does a joke become a ""dad joke""?" "When it leaves and never comes back!"
"I was listening to Craig David's 7 days song the other day..." "Must have been week at the knees by Sunday"
"My son, who's into astronomy, asked me how stars die." """Usually an overdose, son."" I told him."
"The best time to engage yourself in a long, self-reflection is..." "....when you're getting a haircut."
"Yo mama so old..." "that the ass Jesus rode into Jerusalem was yo mama's ass"
"How long is the walk to the death chamber?" "A kill-o-meter"
"At first I thought it weird that Joe Biden wanted to make his press secretary staff all women" "But then I remembered that meant he didn't need to pay them as much"
"A woman is passing her grown-up son's bedroom door when she hears a strange buzzing sound from inside." "She looks in and sees him pleasuring himself with a pocket pussy, and she screams ""What are you doing?""

He looks up and says ""Mom, I'm 35, I still live with my parents, and this is the closest I'm ever going to get to a wife!""

She calls him a loser and a pervert and throws him out. The End."
"Have you ever been to Lake McConaughy in Nebraska?" "Great place to visit, I just got back from a trip myself. I've always loved hunting, fishing, boating, just being out in nature...and it's all there for you to enjoy! There's one thing you should know before you visit though, and I found out the hard way.

Early one morning I'd taken my boat out on the water to try and catch myself some dinner. An hour or so had gone by when a couple of patrol boats sped up to me. I told them good morning and asked them why they'd come to chat with me. 

""You must be new around here. Another one of those damn tourists. It is your responsibility to know the laws of a place before visiting. Boats on this lake are only permitted to travel on the outer perimeter, in a clockwise direction. On Lake McConaughy it's always all right, all right, all right."""
"Why was Aquamans father upset at him?" "Because all of his grades were below C level."
"A limbless kid's story" "A limbless child has a birthday, and his parents are at work right, so he thinks it's a surprise gift and drags himself to his parents room. There he finds that a giftbox is on the closet, so he somehow gets himself on the bed and starts bouncing. It's a tough process but in the end he gets the box, pulls it down and falls, almost dying. Then he wakes up, remembers the box, opens it and finds a fucking jumping rope."
"The punchline comes before the joke." "What is the downside of timetravel jokes?"
"What goes ""huh?"", ""click."" ""huh?"", ""click"" ""huh?"", ""click""...?" "Americans downvoting good jokes."
"A student asked his teacher if it was dangerous to mix oxygen and potassium..." "The teacher said it was OK."
"What kinda farmers are whore?" "Redditors with Cake day who are Karma farming."
"Whats the difference between a enzyme and a hormone?" "You can’t hear a enzyme"
"Bob and a few of his coworkers go out to lunch to celebrate Bob's birthday." "Bob, Tim, and Susan are sitting together in the booth when the waitress approaches. She hands them their menus and says, ""Good afternoon fellas! Welcome to Ruby Taste Kitchen! Before we get started, might I ask if you're here to celebrate a special occasion?""

Susan pipes up, ""It's Bob's birthday!""

""Oh well happy birthday! Make sure you save room because you'll get a free dessert!""

Tim and Susan smile and nod, but Bob looks a bit confused. He asks her to repeat herself.

""Sure thing, happy birthday! Save room and you'll get a free dessert.""

There's a moment of silence before Bob says, ""Vroom, vroom!"""
"What is a Mexicans favourite sport?" "Cross country"
"What do you call a dead blonde in the closet?" "Last year's Hide and Go Seek winner."
Whenyourspacebarbroke Whenyourspacebarbroke
"thr is a son of a bitch who brok into my hous but didn't rob anything from m" "xcpt 1 solitary lttr on my goddamn kyboard"
"A waiter on a cruise ship asks a seasick guest..." """Do you want the dinner delivered to your cabin, or should I just throw it over the railing right away?"""
"What do you call it when an Australian has a staring contest with an American?" "A gr-eye-ve mistake"
"What happens if you have sex with a creeper?" "It will blow you."
"Why are Christians more faithfull then Muslims?" "Christians thank God before and after their meal and Muslims only before they blow themselves up."
"Why are Christians more faithfull then Muslims? (Racist warn)" [deleted]
"One day, the first ever nun put on a silly hat." "She put it on the next day, too. 
And the next. 
And the next. 
It became a habit"
"What do Jamaican Mormons say after they finish reading the New Testament in the Bible?" "More, mon"
"Why did the amphetamine addict have to clean his room so often?" "He wath a methy perthon."
"A panda goes to a restaurant to eat Bamboo, but while there pulls out a gun, and shoots the bartender." "He leaves the building, and gets caught by the police. He is on trial. The panda is asked “why did he do this?”. The panda responds, “I read online, that Pandas eat Bamboo shoots and leaves.”"
"Cutting down a tree with a block of cheese is easy." "You just gotta make sure it's extra sharp."
"Just got my new washer/dryer and the little tune that plays is cool." "But I didn't think it would be heavy metal!"
"What did the first egg tell the second egg when it didn't make it on time?" Omelette
"Stalin: Hey Hitler! Wanna hear a Joke?" "Hitler: OK?
Stalin: Moskau
Hitler: i dont get it
Stalin: **exactly**"
"So scooby doo was chilling with shaggy and scooby said" "“hey dude do you wanna smoke weed or something?”"
"A banana and a vibrator are lying on a night stand" "Says the banana: why are you shaking? First time, eh?"
"I was talking to this girl..." "And she told me if I played my cards right I could spend a night with her. So I gave her 4 aces."
"Why are gorilla’s fingers so big?" "Because they have huge nostrils !"
"Hey guys, what's up?" "The ceiling."
"A true story, according to the LA Times....." "Coach Frank Layden of the Utah Jazz asked forward Jeff Wilkins, ""Is your bad play due to ignorance or apathy?""

Wilkins replied, ""I don't know and I don't care!"""
"Why did King Midas have constant fatigue?" "He had an iron deficiency."
"This joke is not mine," "Says my father whenever he looks at me."
"It's ""Take Your Daughter To Work Day"" and Jack pitches up with his eight-year-old." "She watches everything with great interest, but around eleven a.m. the MD sees her in tears.

""What's up, little lady?"" he asks; and through her sobs, she manages to say:

""I want to see all those clowns that Daddy works with!"""
"A man tells his date" "A man tells his date “ I work with animals”

And she said “ I love a man who that cares about animals, where do you work?”

And with a grin on his face the man said “I’m as butcher.”"
"This joke is not mine," "Says my father every time he looks at me."
"Ever heard the one about the elephant circumcisor?" "It wasn't the most glamorous job, but the tips were huge."
"Did you hear about the guy who got caught living on public transportation?" "Bus Ted"
"I am a psychic..." "Now, I know what you're thinking."
"What does a reddit moderator do when he find canned meat in his hoagie?" "He remove the spam from his sub."
"What's the fastest way to get to a girl's heart?" "Through her ribcage."
"I have watched a lot of ""Mayday"" episodes before my very first flight." "They said, I was a very nervous pilot."
"I’m confused - The Left are telling me that COVID social restrictions and vaccines are the way forward, whilst Trump supporters are saying lets get group immunity from many catching it" "I feel I’m stuck between a woke and a herd place"
"I've been training to become the next Superman." "My progress is slowly but surely improving. 

i just gotta get used to wearing my underwear over my pants."
"After a year of being clean, I slipped" "I’m annoyed because I had to take another shower."
"I sexually identify as tangled fishing line." "You want to use me but damnit, I’m a headache."
"Zeus went to a strip club" "He made it rain and everyone got wet."
"Chanukah mishap!" "I burned myself on the Chanukah candles, and now I'm suffering from Dysmenorahea!"
"Its always been my dream to be on a daytime talk television program." "And I am *Positive* Ellen is going to have a surprise for me!"
"Canadian genie." "A Canadian and an American were walking along the shore. They found an ancient oil lamp and brushed off the sand. A powerful black genie popped out and said....""Masters....I will give you wach one wish.""  The american whooped and hollared and said ""Finally, I want Trump have won this thang....and his wall built around the ENTIRE continental US of frikkin A......and all them mexcins and black folks and imagrants and democrats and the like moved to Canada...and ..
SHAZAAM the genie made it all come true. America was a walled up KKK dream.
Then the Canadian said
""Sorry eh, but I have to make the world a better place so......Fill it with water.
SHAZAAM.
Then Obama came jogging by and yelled at  the genie...
Justin.....again with the makeup.....take this hanky and wipe it off!!!!
...and the genie Trudeau replied.....Sorry.....and thanks Obama."
"My grandfather had been quite ill recently....." "...then a doctor came round to his house and rubbed grease all over his back.

He went downhill very quickly after that!"
"How to properly wash your hands" "As everyone knows its important  to wash your hands, this is the best way

1. get a pen
2. write on your hands ""Hans shot first"" twice
3. go to your bathroom
4. wash your hands

Easy!"
"El Al Flight - mid-December - landing in Tel-Aviv" "As the El Al plane settled down at Ben Gurion airport, the voice of the captain came on: ""Please remain seated with your seat belts fastened until this plane is at a complete standstill and the seat belt signs have been turned off. We also wish to remind you that using cell phones on board this aircraft is strictly prohibited.""

""To those who are seated, we wish you a Merry Christmas, and hope that you enjoy your stay... and to those of you standing in the aisles and talking on your cell phones, we wish you a Happy Chanukah, and welcome back home."""
"What do Chris Hansen, Ash Ketchum, and a sex worker have in common?" "They’re gonna catch them all."
"A post-pandemic world is just like my girlfriend!" "Ended when COVID started."
"For me everyday is Cake day" "And sometimes cake morning, and cake afternoon and cake evening. 

I just like cake.

And pie.

So, for me everyday is also Pie day."
"My Wife found out that our Dog (a Schnauzer) could hardly hear, so she took it to the Veterinarian......." "The Vet found that the problem was Hair in the Dog's Ears.

He cleaned both ears, and the Dog could then hear fine.

The Vet then proceeded to tell Andrea that, if she wanted to keep this from recurring, she should go to the store and get some ""Veet"" hair remover and rub it in the Dog's Ears once a month.

Andrea went to the store and bought some ""Veet"" hair remover.

At the register, the Pharmacist told her,

""If you're going to use this under your Arms, don't use Deodorant for a few days.""

*Andrea said, ""I'm not using it under my arms.""

The Pharmacist said,

""If you're using it on your Legs, don't use Body Lotion for a couple of days.""

Andrea replied, ""I'm not using it on my Legs either"".

If you must know, I'm using it on my Schnauzer.""

The Pharmacist said,

""Well, stay off your Bicycle for at least a Week""."
"England: Has anyone seen America? Canada, to the other countries: Hold on, I got this." "Canada: Clears throat... where did you come from, where did you go...

America: Crashes through the door.

Where did you come from, Cotton Eye Joe!"
"I met a Chinese drug addict the other day....." "He asked me ""Have you seen my cocaine?""
I told him no, not since he appeared in Zulu!"
"Why did God give women yeast infections?" "So that they would know what it's like to deal with an irritating cunt all day."
"When you lose your hand, a new prosthetic won't be cheap..." "But you can always get one second-hand."
"What is a walnut?" "Well, in a nutshell, it is a nut"
"What do you call people unhappy eating their choice of food?" "Gay vegans."
"Poor Momma" "I think the Pandemic finally broke my momma's will.

I said what are you eating for dinner.

She lit her pants on fire and said, ""A Hot Pocket"""
"She told me to put my cock inside her." "We broke up because i don't support animal cruelty."
"A Blonde goes to a shop and selects a TV for purchase." "Blonde: Hey I would like to buy that Television!

Shopkeeper: Sorry! We don't serve blondes.

*The Blonde gets furious and leaves. She comes back with a brown wig the day after.*

Blonde: I'd like to buy that Television over there

Shopkeeper: Nice try with the Wig, but we don't server blondes.

*Blonde gets furious again and leaves. She comes back with a red-haired wig the day after.*

Blonde: Morning! I'd like to buy that TV over there.

ShopKeeper: You're fooling no one! I know you're the blonde from day 1.

*Blonde gets furious but she doesn't leave*

Blonde: How do you know I am blonde, even though I put on two different wigs on different day.

Shopkeeper: Because that's not a TV, that's a microwave."
"Why are lights in a series more loyal than lights in parallel?" "If one goes down in a series, they all go down with it."
"With the stage all set, my sound engineer asked me to do a once in a century mic test..." "I said, “mic check 12/10/20”"
"Why do asian men lack respect for woman?" " Because they are satisfied with a D"
"I don’t know what’s going on today, I keep getting words mixed up with their opposites - like I’ll say on instead of off. It’s driving me mad." "FFS, I meant off instead of on."
"I met a girl in Italy" Genoa?
"What is the best day for a wedding?" Wednesday
"Why can’t you get out of a sex cult with R Kelly?" "One you’re in, urine."
"They said I would never be good in poetry because of my dyslexia" "But I have already created a few beautiful vases."
"Steve Vai had to cancel a tour with his Russian warm up act, Mr. Lidam" "Because the tickets said:

Vai, Yuri Lidam"
"An apple a day keeps doctors away..." "... As long as you throw them hard enough."
"Do you know Mr. Lidam?" "Mr. Yuri Lidam"
"Yo mama's so ugly..." "that when your grandmother took her to the pound for adoption, they turned her down."
"Ellen Degeneres got Corona Virus.." "Finally something positive about her."
"Apparently Ben and Jerry’s ice cream teamed with Colin Kaepernick to create a new flavor called “Change the Whirled.”" "It doesn’t sound too good, I think I’ll just take a knee on that one."
"Why did the pornstar bring a doughnut to her deep-throat scene?" "She misread the script. She thought she offers the guy a doughnut close to the end. The script actually reads ""do-u-gh-nut?"""
"Farmer's daughters..." "One morning, while it was still dark, two guys tried to sneak out of a farmer's daughters' bedroom.  Much to their surprise, the farmer was waiting for them with a shotgun in hand.  The guys, terrified, are told by the farmer that their punishment is to go out into his field of many varieties of fruits and pick 100 of one of them and bring them back.

The first guy comes back with a bucket of blueberries.  Farmer looks at the guy and says, ""Drop your pants and start putting them blueberries up your butt!""

The guy looks at the farmer and his shotgun and decides it's best to follow the farmer's order.

The guy starts putting the blueberries up his butt...1...2...3...4...5...  The farmer laughs and the guy loses control of his sphincter and the blueberries fall out.

The guy starts the process again...this time he makes it to about 20 blueberries.  The farmer laughs, and again, the guy loses control and the blueberries all fall out.

The guy starts the process again...this time...94...95...96...97...98...99...  The farmer laughs and all the blueberries fall out of the guy's butt.  The guy looks at the farmer and queries, ""Why do you keep laughing?  Every time you do, I lose control and all the blueberries fall out and I have to start all over again!""

Farmer points out to the fruit field and says, ""See your friend out there?""  The guy says, ""Yes.  What about him?""

Farmer says, ""Your friend is picking watermelons!!!"""
"An Afghan, an Albanian, an Algerian, an American, an Andorran, an Angolan, an Antiguans, an Argentine, an Armenian, an Australian....." ".... an Austrian, an Azerbaijani, a Bahamian, a Bahraini, a Bangladeshi, a Barbadian, a Barbudans, a Batswanan, a Belarusian, a Belgian, a Belizean, a Beninese, a Bhutanese, a Bolivian, a Bosnian, a Brazilian, a Brit, a Bruneian, a Bulgarian, a Burkinabe, a Burmese, a Burundian, a Cambodian, a Cameroonian, a Canadian, a Cape Verdean, a Central African, a Chadian, a Chilean, a Chinese, a Colombian, a Comoran, a Congolese, a Costa Rican, a Croatian, a Cuban, a Cypriot, a Czech, a Dane, a Djibouti, a Dominican, a Dutchman, an East Timorese, an Ecuadorean, an Egyptian, an Emirian, an Equatorial Guinean, an Eritrean, an Estonian, an Ethiopian, a Fijian, a Filipino, a Finn, a Frenchman, a Gabonese, a Gambian, a Georgian, a German, a Ghanaian, a Greek, a Grenadian, a Guatemalan, a Guinea-Bissauan, a Guinean, a Guyanese, a Haitian, a Herzegovinian, a Honduran, a Hungarian, an I-Kiribati, an Icelander, an Indian, an Indonesian, an Iranian, an Iraqi, an Irishman, an Israeli, an Italian, an Ivorian, a Jamaican, a Japanese, a Jordanian, a Kazakhstani, a Kenyan, a Kittian and Nevisian, a Kuwaiti, a Kyrgyz, a Laotian, a Latvian, a Lebanese, a Liberian, a Libyan, a Liechtensteiner, a Lithuanian, a Luxembourger, a Macedonian, a Malagasy, a Malawian, a Malaysian, a Maldivan, a Malian, a Maltese, a Marshallese, a Mauritanian, a Mauritian, a Mexican, a Micronesian, a Moldovan, a Monacan, a Mongolian, a Moroccan, a Mosotho, a Motswana, a Mozambican, a Namibian, a Nauruan, a Nepalese, a New Zealander, a Nicaraguan, a Nigerian, a Nigerien, a North Korean, a Northern Irishman, a Norwegian, an Omani, a Pakistani, a Palauan, a Palestinian, a Panamanian, a Papua New Guinean, a Paraguayan, a Peruvian, a Pole, a Portuguese, a Qatari, a Romanian, a Russian, a Rwandan, a Saint Lucian, a Salvadoran, a Samoan, a San Marinese, a Sao Tomean, a Saudi, a Scottish, a Senegalese, a Serbian, a Seychellois, a Sierra Leonean, a Singaporean, a Slovakian, a Slovenian, a Solomon Islander, a Somali, a South African, a South Korean, a Spaniard, a Sri Lankan, a Sudanese, a Surinamer, a Swazi, a Swede, a Swiss, a Syrian, a Taiwanese, a Tajik, a Tanzanian, a Togolese, a Tongan, a Trinidadian or Tobagonian, a Tunisian, a Turkish, a Tuvaluan, a Ugandan, a Ukrainian, a Uruguayan, a Uzbekistani, a Venezuelan, a Vietnamese, a Welshman, a Yemenite, a Zambian and a Zimbabwean all go to a nightclub... The doorman stops them and says sorry I cant let you in without a Thai."
"So I just found out that dogs are weighed in pounds." "I still don't know what unit of weight they are measured in..."
"Driving Home" "An Irishman who had a little too much to drink is driving home from the city one night and, of course his car is weaving violently all over the road.

A cop pulls him over. ""So,"" says the cop to the driver,  ""where have ya been?"""" Why, I've been to the pub of course,"" slurs the drunk."" Well,"" says the cop, ""it looks like you've had quite  a few to drink this evening.""

""I did all right,"" the drunk says with a smile.""Did you know,"" say's the cop, standing straight and folding his arms across his chest,  ""that a few intersections back, your wife fell out of your car?""

""Oh, thank heavens,"" sighs the drunk. ""For a minute there, I thought I'd gone deaf."""
"I wanted to be a multi millionaire just like my dad." "
He always wanted to be a multi millionaire too."
"What has 2 butt's and kills people ?" Assassin.
"What do you call a swimming creature that hates violence?" "A pacifish"
"What's the difference between an Indian and a African elephant?" "One of them is an elephant."
"Dark humor is like clean drinking water....." ".... not everybody gets it."
"There are three levels of acceptability when using the phrase ""up in this bitch""" "The most acceptable form is at a bar or club when you shout ""Ayy, lets get some drinks up in this bitch"" which is the correct way to use that phrase.

A step down would be if you were in your room playing on your Xbox and your mom pokes her head in and says ""hey, are you doing your homework up in this bitch?"" which sounds a little weird, but isn't technically wrong

But the worst time to use the phrase ""up in this bitch"" is if your at the gynecologist and your nurse sticks her head out the door and screams ""Yo, lets get a thermometer up in this bitch"""
"Sarah goes to school, and the teacher says, ""Today we are going to learn multi-syllable words, class." "  Does anybody have an example of a  multi-syllable word?"" Sarah waves her hand, ""Me, Miss Rogers, me, me!""  Miss Rogers says, ""All right, Sarah, what is your multi-syllable word?""  Sarah says, ""Mas-tur-bate."" Miss Rogers smiles and says, ""Wow, Sarah,  that's a mouthful."" Sarah says, ""No, Miss Rogers, you're thinking of a  blowjob."""
"The jokes about food on this sub are cheesy." "The jokes about food on this sub are cheesy......

I mean I'm not wrong."
"A boy and his train set (long)" "A mother was working in the kitchen, listening to her young son playing with his new electric train in the living room.
She heard the train stop and her son said, “All of you sons of bitches who want off, get the hell off now, cause this is the last stop! And all of you sons of bitches who are getting on, get your asses in the train, cause we’re going down the tracks.”
The mother was upset at hearing her son curse like sailor. She walked into the room and told her son, “We don’t use that kind of language in this house. Now I want you to go to your room and you are to stay there for TWO HOURS. When you come out, you may play with your train, but I want you to use nice language.”
Two hours later, the son comes out of the bedroom and resumes playing with his train.
Soon the train stopped and the mother heard her son say, “All passengers who are disembarking from the train, please remember to take all of your belongings with you. We thank you for riding with us today and hope your trip was a pleasant one. We hope you will ride with us again soon.”
She hears the little boy continue, “For those of you just boarding, we ask you to stow all of your hand luggage under your seat. Remember, there is no smoking on the train. We hope you will have a pleasant and relaxing journey with us today.”
As the mother began to smile, the child added, “For those of you who are pissed off about the TWO HOUR delay, please see the bitch in the kitchen.”"
"A father meets his son’s teacher." "« Sir, I’m afraid your son is a cheater », says the teacher.

« What? No ! What makes you say that? » responds the father

« Well, in the last math test, he had the same answers as his neighbour. »

« Yeah, that’s a math test, duh. There’s only one good answer, right? »

« Indeed, but in one of the questions, your son’s neighbour answered ""I don’t know"" .»

« So what ? »

« Well, your dumbass son wrote ""yeah, me neither"". »"
"How much does it cost Santa to ride his sleigh around the world?" "8 bucks.  Unless the weather is bad, then it's 9 bucks."
"If you like Christmas so much" "Why don't you Merry it?"
"Reason I skipped leg day" "I had a third one to worry about already."
"Some girls don't have air conditioners" "They have only fans"
"A man tells his Rabbi: ""I have a deep desire to live forever. What should I do?""" "Rabbi: ""Go and get married""

Man: ""That's it? How will that allow me to live forever?""

Rabbi: ""It won't, but your desire will go away."""
"What do you call a non alcoholic rocker in the future?" SoberPunk2077
"If anyone gets a message from me about canned meat, don't open it ..." "It's Spam."
"Sun Downer....." "Me: ""Mate, where does the Sun go at night?""
Friend: ""It does not go anywhere. It remains there but due to darkness we cannot see it."""
"Why was Vader so angry?" "The emperor made him stab his own force-kin."
"A little girl and boy are fighting about the differences between the sexes, and which one is better." "Finally, the boy drops his pants and  says, “Here’s something I have that you’ll never have!” The little girl  is pretty upset by this, since it is clearly true, and runs home crying.  A while later, she comes running back with a smile on her face. She  drops her pants and says, “My mommy says that with one of these, I can  have as many of those as I want!”"
"I once asked a teddy bear out for dinner" "He said he was already stuffed"
"Favourite childhood joke" "Since it’s my cake day, I thought I’d share my favourite joke from childhood. 

How do you get rid of a boomerang?
Throw it down a one-way street"
"I took an IQ test" "and I can't believe it I got 27 wait it's like golf right"
"You know what is great about nude beaches?" "One gets the best compliments ever on their flip flops."
"My friend asked me why I didn't eat the muffins he made on the way home." "I said, ""How do you expect me to eat drive and text at the same time?"
"A good wife is like fine wine" "12 years old and kept in basement."
"Why did the locomotive go off his tracks?" "Because he wasn't trained properly."
"Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward." " That’s just how I roll."
"Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack?" "He only comes once a year."
"What do you call the janitors of the CIA?" "Sweeper Agents"
"Oldie but goodie." "There once was a small town, plagued with Foo birds. These were small but loathsome things. Harbingers of death, these birds were. Wherever they poo’d there would be death. The townsfolk were afraid to walk under trees and power lines, in case they became a Foo bird’s next victim. 
Well one day, a stranger came to town, riding in on the last Greyhound bus. He was passing through, looking for work as a handyman. As he stood at the bus stop, you guessed it, a Foo bird crapped all over his shoulder and down the front of his jacket. 
With a tired sigh, and a resigned look to the heavens, the tired traveling handyman walked to his hotel, hoping to find work the next day. 
As he entered the hotel, the clerks and manager all gasped at the sight of Foo poo on the man’s clothes. Knowing he only had hours left to live, they secretly  upgraded his room, and provided complimentary champagne. And as the traveling handyman made his way up the stairs with heavy footfalls echoing down the guilted staircase, the night clerk dialed the morgue, to make room for one more. 
The next morning, the night clerk and manager were STUNNED to see the handyman eating breakfast at the hotel buffet wearing the same Foo bird stained jacket. They warily approached the handyman, and asked how he managed to survive the night after being cursed by that infernal bird. 

The handyman just shrugged, and said:
“If the Foo shits, wear it.”"
"Three race horses are in the stable having a conversation." "Three race horses are in the stable having a conversation.'I don't mean to brag,' says one of them 'but out of the 20 races I've had so far, I've won 11 of them.''You think that's impressive?' Laughs another 'I've been in 35 races and won 20 of them!''Is that it?' Says the third 'I've had 50 and won 38!  You guys need to catch up!'Then a greyhound who has been sat in the corner listening in for a while decides to join the conversation.'Excuse me,' He says 'but I thought you'd like to know that I've had a hundred races in my life, and I've won no less than 94 of them.'He sits there in the corner feeling smug as the three race horses all look absolutely stunned with amazement.  There is a lengthy pause as they take it all in, before one of them finally answers.'Fucking hell!  It's a talking dog!'"
"I was going to tell a covid joke" "But most of you wouldn't get it anyway"
"PLEASE stop asking Santa for the perfect woman." "I was almost kidnapped three times today."
"What does Wolverine and Caitlyn Jenner have in common?" "They’re both X-men."
"A sweet little boy surprised his grandmother one morning and brought her a cup of coffee" "He made it himself and was so proud. He anxiously waited to hear the verdict on the quality of the coffee. The grandmother had never in her life had such a bad cup of coffee, and as she forced down the last sip she noticed three of those little green army guys in the bottom of the cup. She asked, ""Honey, why would three little green army guys be in the bottom of my cup?"" Her grandson replied, ""You know grandma, it's like on TV, 'The best part of waking up is soldiers in your cup'"
"Two tigers are walking single file in the jungle" "The tiger in the back starts licking the other tigers asshole as they're walking.

""What the fuck are you doing?!"" asks the tiger in the front.

""I ate a lawyer for lunch, I'm trying to get the taste out of my mouth."""
"There was a man and a woman who had a daughter named Clare toghether." " They decided it would be a good time to get married now that they have a child. However, after they get home from their big day, the find the baby has been stolen from her crib. There's a note from the kidnapper: ""I now de-Clare you, husband and wife."""
"What do retail workers and people who search by new have in common?" "Everyone expects high standards from them, have to deal with everyone’s shit, get blamed when things don’t go the way someone wants, and very understaffed"
"A farmer dies and gives two horses to his sons." "The first son says: We should cut one ear off so that we can tell them apart.

The second son agrees and they cut one ear off the horse.

That night the horse sees that he doesn't have an ear and thinks that he should bite off the ear of the other horse, and he does.

The next morning they see that both of the horses don't have one ear, so they decide to cut the other one off too. 

That night again the horse sees that he doesn't have both of the ears and bites off the second ear of the other horse.

In the morning the brothers see that both horses don't have ears.

And then the first son says: Ok, you take the black one and I'll take the white one"
"A couple wakes up in the middle of the night" "The wife asks ""What time is it"". The husband responds ""I don't know, hand me the tuba"" The wife hands him a tuba and he proceeds to play it loudly. Someone next door yells ""WHO THE FUCK IS PLAYING THE TUBA AT 2AM"""
"I volunteered for the Covid-19 vaccination..." "I wasn’t allowed to say anything until today, but it's now okay for me to share that I have volunteered for the Covid-19 vaccine from Pfizer. The vaccine is the one that has been developed in Russia. It is in 6 different stages and I received my first dose this morning at 06:20 am, and I wanted to let you all know that it is safe and I’m ok, with иo side effects whatsoeveя, and that I feelshκι я чувю себя немного стрно и я думю, что вытл осные уши. чувству себя немго страо."
"What did the man say when he caught his girlfriend fucking her personal trainer?" "This isn't working out."
"The Twelve Thank-You Notes of Christmas" " Dearest John:

I went to the door today and the postman delivered a partridge in a pear tree. What a delightful gift. I couldn't have been more surprised.

With dearest love and affection, Agnes

December 15th

Dearest John:

Today the postman brought your very sweet gift. Just imagine, two turtle doves.... I'm just delighted at your very thoughtful gift. They are just adorable.

All my love, Agnes

Dear John:

Oh, aren't you the extravagant one! Now I must protest. I don't deserve such generosity. Three french hens. They are just darling but I must insist.... you're just too kind.

Love Agnes

December 17th

Today the postman delivered four calling birds. Now really! They are beautiful, but don't you think enough is enough? You're being too romantic.

Affectionately, Agnes

December 18th

Dearest John:

What a surprise! Today the postman delivered five golden rings. One for each finger. You're just impossible, but I love it. Frankly, John, all those squawking birds were beginning to get on my nerves.

All my love, Agnes

December 19th

Dear John:

When I opened the door there were actually six geese-a-laying on my front steps. So you're back to the birds again, huh? Those geese are huge. Where will I ever keep them? The neighbors are complaining and I can't sleep through the racket. PLEASE STOP!

Cordially, Agnes

December 20th

John:

What's with you and those birds???? Seven swans-a-swimming. What kind of joke is this? There's bird do-do all over the house and they never stop the racket. I'm a nervous wreck and I can't sleep all night. IT'S NOT FUNNY.......So stop with those birds.

Sincerely, Agnes

December 21st

OK Buster:

I think I prefer the birds. What am I going to do with eight maids-a-milking? It's not enough with all those birds and eight maids-a-milking, but they had to bring their own cows. There is poop all over the lawn and I can't move into my own house. Just lay off me. .

Ag

December 22nd

Hey:

What are you? Some kind of sadist? Now there's nine ladies dancing. The cows are upset and are stepping all over those screeching birds. No wonder they screech. What am I going to do? The neighbors have started a petition to evict me. You'll get yours.

From Ag

December 23rd

You Creep!

What's with the ten lords a-leaping on those maids and ladies? I don't know why I call them ladies. Now the cows can't sleep and they've got diarrhea. My living room is a river of poop. The commissioner of buildings has subpoenaed me to give cause why the building shouldn't be condemned. I'm calling the police on you.

One who means it, Ag

December 24th

Listen Idiot:

Now there's eleven pipers piping, but they play more than their pipes. They've been balling those maids and ladies all night long. Meanwhile, the lords have run through them all and begun committing sodomy with the cows. All 23 of the birds were trampled to death. I hope you're satisfied, you rotten swine.

Your sworn enemy, Miss Agnes McCallister

December 25th (From the law offices Taeker, Spedar, and Baegar)

Dear Sir:

This is to acknowledge your latest gift of twelve drummers drumming, which you have seen fit to inflict on our client, Miss Agnes McCallister. The destruction, of course, was total. All correspondence should come to our attention. If you should attempt to reach Miss McCallister at Happy Dale Sanitarium, the attendants have instructions to shoot you on sight. With this letter, please find attached a warrant for your arrest.

\-Merry Christmas"
"Denny Laine and Paul McCartney walk into a bar..." "The bartender says, ""Sorry. We don't serve Wings."""
"A woman with a morbid fear of drowning is on a ship in the middle of an ocean. Nervously,she asks a crew member 'how far away from land are we?' He reassures her' don't worry,we're only 5 miles from land'. Relieved, she says 'oh,in which direction?'" "'That would be straight down Ma'am', he replies.."
"An old man takes his grandson..." "...fishing in a local pond one day. After 20 minutes of fishing, the old man fires up a cigar. 

The young boy asks, ""Grandpa, can I have a cigar?""
 
The old man replies, ""Son, can your dick touch your asshole?"" 

The young boy says no. 

""Then you can't have a cigar."" 

Another 20 minutes passes, and the old man opens a beer. The young boy asks, ""Grandpa, can I have a beer?"" 

The old man replies again, ""Son, can your dick touch your asshole?"" 

Once more, the young boy says no. 

""Well, then you can't have a beer."" 

Another 20 minutes passes, and the young boy opens a bag of potato chips. The old man asks, ""Son, can I have some of your chips?"" 

The boy asks, ""Well, Grandpa, can your dick touch your asshole?"" 

The old man says, ""It sure can."" 

The boy says, ""Well good - go fuck yourself, these are my chips."""
"A marauding group if small angry marine mammals trashed my house last night." "They left it an otter shambles i tell ya."
"What's the difference between a Lada and a Jehovah's witness?" "You can shut the door on a jehovah's witness"
"An engineering student found a frog on his way to class" """If you kiss me, I'll turn into a beautiful princess"" the frog said.

The student smiled, thought for a minute, and put the frog in his bag and kept walking.

After a few minutes, he heard the frog calling out again, so he took it out.

""If you kiss me, I'll turn into a beautiful princess and go out on a date with you!""

The student smiled, put it back in his bag, and kept walking.

After a few minutes, he heard the frog calling out again, so he took it out.

""If you kiss me, I'll turn into a princess, go out on multiple dates with you, introduce you to my parents, who knows what will happen after that!""

He smiled and started to put it back in his bag.

""WAIT! Why won't you kiss me!?""

""Well, I'm incredibly busy with school right now, so I don't have time for a girlfriend. However, a talking frog is really cool."""
"Why Did The Duck Cross The Road?" "We Were Out Of Chicken."
"Why DId The Duck Cross The Road?" "We Were Out Of Chicken."
"What's an egg's favorite genre?" Yolklore
"What do you call an animal that everyone forgets the name of?" "...Oh God damn it"
"I asked my mate what his favorite sea was from the seven seas." "He said the puss-sea"
"I don't know if people like wooden ones or metal ones better..." "To find out, im gonna make a pole"
"Why don't vegetarians moan during sex?" "Because they don't want to admit that a piece of meat makes them happy."
"As a doctor, I don’t want to make jokes about anyone refusing a Covid vaccine." "But let me give it a shot."
"I once met a talented sculpter." "He was a man of many vases."
"My friend writes songs about sewing machines." "He’s a Singer song writer."
"Mr. Spock actually had 3 Ears!" "A left ear, a right ear

and a final front ear"
"Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?" "His wife is dead."
"What’s fx (x-2)" "I don’t know

But I do know that it won’t help in real life"
"Bloke goes to a doctor and says 'Why is it that every time I look in the mirror, I get an erection?'" "Doctor says 'It's because you look like a twat!'"
"The year is 2021. Obama has won his 4th presidential term, and he is about to give his State of the Union Address." " For the past 2 years, the Obama administration has enacted tough, but effective measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus until there was a sufficient distribution of the vaccine to make careful reopening of sections of the economy viable.

Although he experienced low approval numbers during the lockdowns, he recently hit his highest approval rating of his career, due to America's excellent performance in preventing the spread of COVID in hindsight, after seeing how European countries like Sweden performed.

In addition, despite losing the house and senate in the 2018 midterms, the Obama administration managed to narrowly pass a bipartisan resolution granting citizenship to any people from Hong Kong who entered the United States.

With the passage of this bill, Obama invited over a hundred recently naturalized Hong Kongers to Washington for his State of the Union, to show that America is a country of immigrants, and express his pride of what Congress managed to achieve.

Obama steps up on the podium ready to give his speech. He pauses for a brief moment, and looks at the politicians all around him. He then looks at the hundred Asian citizens in the front of the audience, and shows a slight smile.

He angles his mic, and is now ready to begin his speech.

""My yellow Americans"""
"Me: I can’t do pull-ups or push-ups" " 
Wife: But you can do a lot of fuck-ups"
"I'd like to dedicate this eating to my stomach" Enjoy.
"Why Did Dr. Fauci go to the North Pole?" "To Give Santa Clause a little prick!"
"Why should you never buy Russian underwear?" "Because Chernobyl fallout."
"A Priest and a Rabbi" "A priest and a rabbi who are friends meet up at a bathhouse/mikvah situation and spend the afternoon chatting inside. Finally it’s time to go, but they find that their clothes are missing from where they disrobed!

The priest says to the rabbi, “Don’t worry, I have a plan!” He covers his penis with a washcloth and makes a run for it out to his car. He’s safe! The rabbi sees his opportunity and likewise grabs a washcloth, but to cover his face as he makes a run to safety.

As he climbs into the car, the priest chides him, asking him why he would cover his face when it’s his penis that’s exposed. The rabbi answered, “Father, I don’t know about you, but MY congregants know me by my face.”"
"What did Sauron say when he got to the hospital with severe covid symptoms?" ICU
"Oxygen walks into a bar..." "... The bartender lives for another second."
"So there's this village on the Black Sea coast in Turkey" "Over time a pothole in the road has got so big that people are falling into it and getting injured.

It get so bad that all the villagers get together to decide what to do about the hole in the road.

One of them says, ""We should have an ambulance standing by ready to take people to the hospital when they fall down the hole.""

Another one says, ""Actually, we could go one better and ask them to build us a hospital next to the hole.""

""Don't be silly"", says Temel. ""All we need to do is fill in the hole here and dig a new one next to the hospital we've already got."""
"How do you call a movie director who's social distancing?" "Quentin Quarantino"
"What’s a pirate favorite letter?" "You may think it’s “R”...

But it’s actually the “C”!"
"A teacher asks her class." "Teacher: ""Can any tell me the name of Robin Hood's girlfriend?""

Little Johnny: ""Yes Miss, it's Trudy Glen.""

Teacher: ""No Johnny, the answer is Maid Marion.""

Johnny: ""But miss in the song it says, Robin Hood, Robin Hood,

riding Trudy Glen."""
"I bought shoes from a drug dealer" "I don’t know what he laced them with but I was tripping all day"
"I have a very important decision to make, and I'm getting cold feet.." "It doesn't have anything to do with my decision..it's cold out, and my feet are cold."
"2020: a haiku" "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. 

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."
"Why do girls rub their eyes when they wake up?" "Because they have no balls to scratch"
"What is the dumbest animal in the jungle?" "Polar bear."
"My friend died a truly Roman death" "He was lying down and choked on some grapes."
"Going through the loft and found some Xmas presents from last year" "A real shame about that dog for the kids..."
"There's this penguin..." "There's this penguin, driving through the South, the Deep South... late August. The hot months. ""Ew! But it sure is hot!"" the penguin lisped from behind the wheel of his choking jalopy.

Suddenly! The jalopy fails the penguin and he has to push it down a bumpy road to the next small town. He got out, and with all his strength in his weak flippers, he pushed the car over hill and dale.

""Whew!"" he sighed.

As luck would have it, there was a mechanic in town, and he told the penguin that he'd have to spend some time with the car. ""Why don't you come back in an hour or so?""

Wiping the sweat from his brow, the penguin espied an ice cream shoppe! ""Hurray and yippy!"" he cried! ""I'll be back, toot sweet!"" he said.

He ordered the tallest vanilla ice cream he could hold between his vestigial wings... those miserable fins could barely manage the scoops upon scoops of creamy goodness. The cone was so tall that more of it ended up on the penguin than in him!

""Yummy! That was very very good!"" the penguin said, smacking his lips.

He waddled back to the mechanic who was ready to give the little fellow an update. The mechanic looked at the penguin sternly. The gaskets and seals on the engine were severely damaged after years of driving without a routine check, and it was certainly going to be expensive.

""Well, it looks like you blew a seal.""

""Oh no, that's just ice cream!"" the penguin said, wiping the ice cream from his chin."
"It does not matter if u are black or white, short or tall, fat or thin, male or female. At the end of the day...." "It's night."
"What's long brown useless and needs to be scooped up" "Its shit that's what you dirty minded twits what did you think I was going to say geez the world we live in these days

Note: if you hated the joke it's your own fault for clicking on it cant blame me for trying"
"What do penises and a gun have in common?" "I want to take them into my mouth."
"Did you hear about the well-dressed TSA agent?" "He was stylin’ and profilin’."
"My buddy inspired this joke." "I went to a coin shop to sell what I thought were rare pennies. They refused to buy em because I had common cents."
"An irish couple are reading the paper together (an original joke)" """Aye, did you hear Puff Daddy got arrested for public urination?""

""Ah, pee'd did he?"""
"Porn Addiction at Christmas" "My friend with a porn addiction hasn't seen the animated Grinch. Though, he has seen the porn parody where the Grinch's dick is two sizes too small."
"Want to give your wife a gift she will always remember?" "Get her a mop. Trust me, she will never forget."
"Me: ""Doctor, what do I need to do to live longer?""" "Doctor: ""Get married.""

Me: ""Will that really help?""

Doctor: ""NO, but it will seem a hell of a lot longer."""
"Doesn't matter if you are tall or short, fat or thin, black or white, at the end of the day..." "It will be night time."
Nuts. "A man had a flat tire in front of an insane asylum and begins to change it. Looking up he notices an inmate in a window watching him. As the man removes the lug nuts he placed them carefully  on the pavement. After the spare is on the car, the man accidentally kicks all the lug nuts into a storm drain. ""I'm fucked!"" he cried. 
The inmate yells to the man, ""take one lug nut off the other three wheels and use them. Then you can drive carefully to the parts store up the road and get some more.""
""That's brilliant! Why are you in there with your obvious common sense?"" 
The inmate replied. ""Just because I'm crazy doesn't mean I'm stupid."""
"In Communist China, if you're a corrupt filthy rich billionaire the worst thing that can happen is being given the death sentence. In America, if you're a corrupt filthy rich billionaire the worst thing that can happen is being given" "the presidency."
"At first it was really weird celebrating my moms birthday without her, but as the years went on, it got easier for the whole family" "I guess that crazy bitch finally accepted she’s never going to be invited to the party again"
"They say if you hold a cat’s paws in the air, it’s supposed to bring you luck and fortune, but only if you truly believe it will work.. so" "Don’t stop believing, hold on to that feline"
"Ladies if your man makes you breakfast in bed don't ask him unnecessary questions like" """how did you get in my house"", 'who are you"" and ""im calling the police"". So ungrateful and rude."
"I'm in a dark place right now" "I'm sat in my bedroom with black out blinds."
"here's one" "  

Three men were applying for the position of secret agent for a secret American government organization. They had all completed a series of rigorous trials and exams and had passed each of them. Now they faced the final test. They were taken to a room where the Commander told them, “Here is a pistol. Your wife is in the next room. You must go and shoot her.”

The first man was shocked and said, “What? No way. I can’t do that so I quit.”

The second man gulped and said that he would try. He left the room but soon came back saying that he couldn’t go through with it. He too quit.

The third man took the gun and went next door. Soon there was the sound of six shots, lots of screaming, and the sound of furniture being overturned and slammed against the wall.

The man returned with his clothing torn and out of breath. He said, “That damn gun was loaded with blanks. I had to strangle the bitch.”"
"The singers behind Everybody Wants to Rule the World are reportedly concerned about the latest Coronavirus restrictions imposed in London and the South East." "They’re experiencing Tier 4 Fears."
"Are man in moscow" "A man goes to the Kremlin, he knocks on the door and says is Len in"
"What's dark, bleak, crappy and utterly depressing?" "Your bright and shiny future."
"I went on my first date with a girl" "I was a real gentleman too and opened the car door for her.  


Sadly she fell and died since we were going at 75mph."
"Her nosey ass caught me cheating again" "I don't know if I can trust her anymore"
"Who is the Norse god of being quiet and unassuming?" Low-key.
"I asked my friend what it’s like living in China." "He said , “can’t complain”. - Noel Smith"
"I cant stand long sentences full of words that start with the same letter." "I only like a litt-eration"
"Where do math teachers go out to eat?" "K(c), but when they are cooking at home they use their pizza O(n)."
"what happens when a frog's car breaks down?" "it gets toad"
"I recently joined an Elevator company" "It’s not awful but it definitely has its ups and downs"
"How did MJ reproduce?" "With his wehehene"
"An elderly couple go to Burger King where the carefully split a burger and fries" " a trucker takes pity on them and offers to buy the wife her own meal 
“it’s all right,” says the husband, “we share everything”
a few minutes later the trucker notices the wife hasn’t taken a bite, “I really wouldn’t mind buying her own meal,” he insists “She’ll eat,” the husband assures him, “we share everything.”
 unconvinced the trucker asks the wife, “why won’t you eat?” 
the wife snaps, “because I’m waiting for the teeth!”"
"What did the redditor say to the person who typed an emoji?" "Nothing, he just downvoted him"
"What did the coffee do after it got mugged?" "It got drunk."
"Why is /r/fencing the favorite sub for /r/jokes posters?" "They highly encourage ripostes"
"I was chatting to my mate from Liverpool." "Me: So what have you got your kids for Christmas?

Him: I got the youngest a trampoline and the

other 2 a bike each I found on the internet.

Me: What website were they on?

Him: Google Earth Street View."
"Military Intelligence" "Two words combined that don’t make sense"
"Do you sell Sell Knee guards?" "Yes white and and grey.

You have any in black? So it doesn't stain?

Sry we don't sell black knee guards 

Uh hmm..bad marketing."
"A man falls unconscious on a flight." "A man falls unconscious on a flight and the flight attendants ask if there are any doctors on board over the loud speaker. It was then a frail old man in first class looks at his wife and says now it's your time. Jill Biden stands up and proclaims, I am I am."
"A little NSFW joke from Hollow Man(2000)." "Superman's flying around Metropolis and he's horny as hell. 

He's checking out the rooftops and all of a sudden he sees Wonder Woman sunning herself on the roof of the Justice League. She is lying there buck naked and spread eagle. Looking like she wants to get fucked. 

So Superman starts thinking to himself, ""Man I gotta get myself some of that wonderpussy."" 

And then he realizes that he can fly down, do a little fast pumping and be gone before she even sees him. Because he's Superman, he's faster than a speeding bullet. 

So Superman, he swoops down, he fucks her so quick, she doesn't even see him. 

Wonderwoman sits up and says, ""What the fuck was that?"" 

And The Invisible Man says ""I don't know but my asshole is killing me."""
"There's been 3 murders in the last month and the police are looking for a man with one eye." "If they wanted to find him that desperately, you'd think they will use both eyes."
"Everyone got the UK strain of COVID-19" "But the British got it right off the bat"
"Why is it called onlyfans?" "Because Porntreon was already taken..."
"What do you call a redhead with a yeast infection?" Gingerbread
"If you thought the movie Sid and Nancy was full of S&amp;M and wasted days and nights" "Just wait until you see the sequel, Mitch and Nancy"
"How do Sikh judges decide who wins on Indian Idol?" "It Deependers on how well they Singh."
"What's wrong with Pringles?" "They're just too hyperbolic!"
"What street signs does a first aider pay attention to?" "Only the vital ones"
"What do you call a woman pregnant with a baby girl?" "A complete cleaning set."
"Man's dream come true twice." "Man: “Finally, I've been waiting so long for this!”

Woman: “Do you ever want me to leave?”

Man: “NO. I don't even dare to think about it.”

Woman: “Do you love me?”

Man: “Of course, a lot!”

Woman: “Have you ever cheated on me?”

Man: “NO. Why are you asking me that?”

Woman: “Do you want to kiss me?”

Man: “Every time I get the chance.”

Woman: “Would you ever hit me?”

Man: “Are you crazy, I'm not that kind of person!”

Woman: “Can I trust you?”

Man: “Yes honey ...”

Woman: “Dear darling!”


After 30 years of marriage, read from bottom to top."
"I went to the doctor's office. The phlebotomist appeared, holding a sketchbook and a pencil, and said..." """Hold still so I can draw your blood."""
"co mówi garnek do cebra" "przeciekasz dzbanie"
"Jeffrey and Hillary were both patients at a mental hospital." "One day while they were walking past the hospital swimming pool, Jeffrey suddenly jumped into the deep end. He sank to the bottom of the pool and stayed there. Hillary promptly jumped in to save him. She swam to the bottom and pulled Jeffrey out.

When the Head Nurse became aware of Hillary's heroic act she immediately ordered her to be discharged from the hospital, as she now considered her to be mentally stable.

When she went to tell Hillary the news she said, ""Hillary, I have good news and bad news. The good news is you're being discharged; since you were able to rationally respond to a crisis by jumping in and saving the life of another patient, I have concluded that your act displays sound mindedness. The bad news is, Jeffrey, the patient you saved, hung himself with his bathrobe belt in the bathroom. I am so sorry, but he's dead.""

Hillary replied ""He didn't hang himself. I put him there to dry. When do I get to go home?"
"If I could put shoes on my head...." "I'd be about a foot taller"
"To start the new year" "I’m not gonna eat anything but cheese on New Year’s Eve. That way I’ve a day or two where shit won’t happen in the new year;)"
"Andre the Giant takes a commercial flight" "The Giant is seated in a bulkhead seat for extra space.  It’s still a tight fit for this behemoth of a man.  He starts to take apart the armrest between his seat and the one next to him in hopes of creating a bit more space before takeoff.  A flight attendant approached him asking if she could get him anything.  The giants growls, “Yeah, get me a screwdriver”.  After a momentary pause, the flight attendant headed off to the galley.  She returned after a few minutes and handed the Giant a Philips head screwdriver.  The Giant stares at the tool and then at the flight attendant and asks, “what would you have brought me if I asked you for a Bloody Mary?”"
"What do they call the bathroom at the pentagon?" "The pentajohn"
"Yesterday i ate my first apple" "Would not recommend, it tastes like metal and plastic"
"Do you know about the female cow that always messed up?" "Her name was miss steak"
"I find it very difficult to get my fat, useless, pathetic, ugly pig of a wife to mingle at parties." "She's got no self-confidence."
"How do you describe the motion of a quantum chicken?" "With De Broiler’s wave. (C)"
"What was the gymnast-turned-banker known for?" "Outstanding balance."
"What do you call a girl from Alabama who can run faster than her brothers?" "A virgin"
"There’s actually nothing wrong with US Sen. Kelly Loeffler’s eyes..." "She’s just focused on Stacey Abrams’ teeth."
"Crossing things off my to-do list" "I didn't do them, I just don't want them on my just anymore"
"What is the correct name for fake Coach purses?" "Assistant Coach purses."
"As you get older, you may not lose your Desire, and you may not lose your Ability ..." "... but you sure as hell lose your Desirability"
"Why do mitochondrias hate women?" "Because they are in cells"
"Lot's of people tell me I ""must be fun at parties""" "How would they even know?  I never get invited to them."
"What I don't understand is..." 
"Why is Santa’s sack so full?" "Because he only comes once a year."
"Teacher: ""Billy, can you give me a sentence with the word contagious in it?""" "Billy: ""Trump should have responded to the COVID-19 outbreak quickly and decisively but it took the contagious"""
"Back in my day, you would cough to cover up a fart." "Now, with COVID-19, you fart to cover up a cough."
"A local business was looking for office help. They put a sign in the window saying: ""HELP WANTED. Must be able to type, must be good with a computer and must be bilingual. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.""" "A short time afterwards, a dog trotted up to the window, saw the sign and went inside. He looked at the receptionist and wagged his tail, then walked over to the sign, looked at it and whined. Getting the idea, the receptionist got the office manager. The office manager looked at the dog and was surprised, to say the least. However, the dog looked determined, so he led him into the office. 

Inside, the dog jumped up on the chair and stared at the manager. The manager said, ""I can't hire you. The sign says you have to be able to type."" The dog jumped down, went to the typewriter and proceeded to type out a perfect letter. He took out the page and trotted over to the manager and gave it to him, then jumped back on the chair. The manager was stunned, but then told the dog, ""The sign says you have to be good with a computer."" The dog jumped down again and went to the computer. The dog proceeded to demonstrate his expertise with various programs and produced a sample spreadsheet and database and presented them to the manager. By this time the manager was totally dumbfounded! He looked at the dog and said, ""I realize that you are a very intelligent dog and have some interesting abilities. However, I still can't give you the job."" The dog jumped down and went to a copy of the sign and put his paw on the part about being an Equal Opportunity Employer. The manager said, ""Yes, but the sign also says that you have to be bilingual."" 

The dog looked at him straight in the face and said, ""Meow."""
"How does Santa choose which female reindeer to breed with his prized stud?" "By choosing the one that’s the best bang for the buck."
"What does Stand up comedy and Sex have in common?" "If you haven't heard any noise in a while, change what you're doing."
"10 years ago..." "10 years ago, someone got into a fight. Person 1 said, ""why did you start beating me up?"" Person 2 replies with, ""cause you looked weak.""

5 years ago, the same 2 people got into a fight. Person 1 fully healed but person 2 didn't fully heal yet. Person 2 didn't care however, and he continued the fight. 

2 years ago the same 2 people fought once again. Person 1 brought his new friend he met 3 years ago. Person number 2 brought a gang and fought. They all went to the hospital that day and when they healed they ran out.

To this day, person number 1 and person number 2 haven't been great friends and they fought, (with masks on of course cause they're civilized citizens) and what happened last was shocking. 

There was a yo mama in there, did you catch it?"
"And what would you like for Christmas?" "As a little girl climbed onto Santa's lap, he asked her the usual question, ""And what would you like for Christmas?""  
The child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute, then gasped, ""Didn't you get my text?"""
"What do people like to wear in England?" Tea-shirts
"You've heard of elf on the shelf, but now get ready for..." "Seasonal Affective Disorder"
"Why do they call it the novel coronavirus?" " It’s a long story…."
"A teenage boy goes into confession" "Boy: forgive me father for I have sinned

Priest: What have you done my child?

Boy: I slept with one of the local sluts

Priest: Which one? Was it the blonde O'Malle girl?

Boy: No father

Priest: Was it that red head Sally Jones?

Boy: No father

Priest: oh well it must've been that Patterson girl

Boy: No father

Priest: well then, either way thats five Hail Mary's

The boy leaves and walks out to his two friends waiting for him

Friend 1: How was it?

Friend 2: Yeah,  what'd you get?

Boy: Five Hail Mary's and One for each of us"
"Today while fighting, i got angry and told my mum to fuck off" "Off and I are no more friends"
"Why are artists so good at self control?" "Because they always know where to draw the line."
"Looking for a sketch" "Hey,

I remember only a few lines but would love if I could find the original joke.  It starts with a man asking his wife if she wants something to eat.  She says no.  Then he goes to make a sandwich.  It ends with the punch line (after he murders his wife), ""So, I just cleaned up as I went along""...

Anyone?"
"Some robbers tried going atheist..." Arrested.
"What's the difference between an egg and a wank?" "You can beat an egg..."
"Some robbers tryed going atheist..." Arrested.
"Why do European submarines have barcodes?" "So when they get to port they can Scandinavian."
"Two whales are in a bar." "Whale one: OOOOOOooooooOOOOOOOOoooooOOOOOO

Whale two: Go home Frank. You’re drunk."
"lil Jimmy asks and answers" "Lil Jimmy asks mommy ""why were you doing bouncing up and down on Daddys stomach last night..?
Mommy says ""I have to do that Lil Jimmy it helps keep daddy skinny or else he gets real fat..""
Lil Jimmy says ""well thats not going to work..""
and mommy asks ""well why not...?""
and Lil Jimmy says ""well cause Tina the babysitter keeps blowing him back up again..."""
"The best way to avoid downvotes on reddit is to start the post with:" "This is probably going to get downvoted to hell."
"If you’re on a date with a lady and she farts..." "...it’s a dude"
"There were only two people ever shot in a theatre:" "Abraham Lincoln and the guy in front of Paul Reubens."
"Everyone was shocked when the chef started talking foreign during a culinary show." "Nobody expects the Spanish-in-cuisine-show!"
"Did you hear about the carpenter who only measured floors losing his construction job?" "I heard he got fired because he never measured up"
"What did the horny English speaking ghost say to the hive?" "Boo bees!"
"Whos the best person to have on an airplane in case you get a stroke?" "A lawyer"
"A man went to the doctor." "He told the doctor that he was having trouble getting his wife pregnant. The doctor gave him a bottle and told him to go home and provide a sperm sample. He went home and tried with his right hand. But his right hand couldn’t do it. So he tried with his left hand and he still couldn’t do it. So he called his wife down to try. His wife tried with her left hand and couldn’t do it. She tried with her right hand and couldn’t do it. The man called his neighbor down to help him. The neighbor tried with his left hand and couldn’t do it. He tried with his right hand and couldn’t do it. In the end they never got the bottle open..."
"Do you know why your keyboard doesn’t sleep?" "Because it has two shifts"
"Did you hear" "Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac, who stayed up all night, wondering if there really was a dog?"
"Did you hear about the Devil Worshipper's dyslexic kids?" "For Christmas they wrote letters to Santa."
"When is your birthday?" "Boy: When is your birthday?

Girl: March 1st.

Boy (Marches around the room): When is your birthday?"
"Earth: we have all the resources you need to run your business" "And 24-hour turnaround"
"Parrot with no legs" "A man decides on a day that it is time to buy a pet. He goes to the pet  store, looks around and sees a beautiful parrot, sitting quietly on a  stick in his cage. Yet the beast has no feet and paws. “What is the  matter with you?” the man thinks aloud. “Well, that’s how I was born, I’m actually a faulty parrot” says the  bird. “Haha,” the man laughs, “it seems like that parrot understands what I’m  saying and even answers!” “I understand everything you say, I am extremely intelligent and very  well educated,” says the bird. “Well, if you’re so smart then tell me how you can stay on your stick  without legs.” “Well,” says the parrot, “it’s a bit embarrassing, but okay, I wrap my  little parrot penis around the stick, like a hook, but I hide that with  my thick feathers.” “Wow, you really understand everything I say, do not you?” “Yes, yes,” replies the bird, ""and I speak Spanish and English fluently,  I can speak on a level about almost everything, politics, religion,  sport and philosophy and I specialize in bird science, you should buy  me, I am also a very good friend for you. "" The man looks at the price tag, 200 euros is on it. “Sorry, I can not  afford that.” “Psst,” whispers the parrot as he beckons the man with his wing closer.  ""Nobody wants me because I do not have legs, just bid 25 euros and you  can take me with you."" The man offers 25 euros and walks 5 minutes later with the parrot out of  the store. A few weeks pass. The parrot is sensational. He is fun and  interesting, gives good advice, is sympathetic to everyone, in short;  the perfect roommate and friend. One day the man comes home from work  and the parrot says “Pssssssssssst” while he beckons his wing again. The  man comes close to the cage. “I do not know if I should tell you this,”  says the parrot, “but it’s about your wife and the postman.” “What!?” says the man. “Well, the postman came to the door and your wife greeted him in a  nothing disguised nightgown and kissed him flat on the mouth.” “And then,” the man hisses, “What happened then?” “Well, the postman came in, grabbed her nightgown and started caressing  her everywhere.” “My God,” says the now furious man, “And what else did they do?” “Then he took off her nightgown, went through his knees and started to  lick her everywhere, starting at her breasts and getting further and  further down.” “And then, what happened, what else did they do?” the man screams . “No idea,” says the papgaai, “I got a boner and fell off my stick  …”"
"What did the fish say..." "When he swam into the wall?
Oh, dam.

What did his fish friend say to him?
You dumb bass."
"How much is an Americans life worth?" "Only $600."
"Colin was bragging to his boss one day that he knows everyone" """You know, I know everyone there is to know. Just name someone, anyone, and I know them.""

Tired of his boasting, his boss called his bluff, ""OK, Colin how about Tom Cruise?""   
""Sure, yes, Tom and I are old friends, and I can prove it.""   
 

So Colin and his boss fly out to Hollywood and knock on Tom Cruise's door and sure enough, Tom Cruise shouts, ""Colin! Great to see  you! You and your friend come right in and join me for lunch!""   
 

Although impressed, Colin's boss is still skeptical. After they leave Cruise's house, he tells Colin that he thinks Colin's knowing Cruise was just lucky.   
 

""No, no, just name anyone else,"" Colin says.   
 

""President Obama,"" his boss quickly retorts. ""Yes,"" Colin  says, ""I know him, let's fly out to Washington."" And off they go. 

At the White House, Obama spots Colin on the tour and motions him and his boss over, saying, ""Colin, what a surprise, I was just on my way to a meeting, but you and your friend come on in and let's have a cup of coffee first and catch up.""   


Well, his boss is now very shaken but still not totally convinced of Colin's claim.   
 

After they leave the White House grounds he expresses his doubts to Colin, who again implores him to name anyone else. His boss pauses for a minute to think of one final person who Colin would never be able to say he knows.

""The Pope,""  his boss replies. 

""Sure!"" says Colin. ""My folks are from Poland, and I've known the Pope a long time."" So off they fly to Rome. 

Colin and his boss are assembled with the masses in Vatican Square when Colin says, ""This will never work. I can't catch the Pope's eye among all these people. Tell you what, I know all the guards so let  me just go upstairs and I'll come out on the balcony with the Pope."" And he disappears into the crowd headed toward the Vatican.

Sure enough, 20 minutes later Colin emerges with the Pope on the balcony but by the time Colin returns, he finds that his boss has fainted and is surrounded by paramedics. Working his way to his boss' side, Colin asks him, ""What happened?!"" His boss looks up and says, ""I was doing fine until you and the Pope came out on the balcony and the man next to me yelled, ""Who the fuck is that up there with Colin?"""
"What does it mean when you hear hole.....hole?" "You’ve either backed or pulled the truck in too far."
"2020 is about to end. It can't get any worse can it?" 12/32/2020
"I found a dead man's photograph on the ground" "Someone shot it"
"Why do women have cleaner minds than men?" "Because they change theirs more often."
"A guys wife faints one day so he takes her to the hospital." "After a full day of tests on the wife the doctor approaches the husband with a grave look on his face. The doctor says “ I’m afraid we have some bad news. We’ve narrowed it down to either AIDS or Alzheimer’s”

The husband breaks down and says “Oh my god, what do I do? What do i do!?”

The doctor replies: “ This is exactly what need to do. Drive her home with you now, but drop her off a couple of blocks away from your house. If she finds her way back 𝘥𝘰𝘯’𝘵 𝘧𝘶𝘤𝘬 𝘩𝘦𝘳.”"
"I told a dad joke to a black guy but he was too dumb to understand it" "He kept asking me what a dad meant"
"My dad’s cousin had a granddaughter in March." "She’s really big for a three-week-old baby."
"An old friend of mine married a young girl" "As we’re not exactly young ourselves, I was curious how he held up, and asked him how often they had sex. 
“Almost every day,” he said.
“Almost every day?!” I exclaimed.
“Yes, almost on Monday, almost on Tuesday, almost on Wednesday...”"
Sleep "\*Wife watching her husband Sleep\*

Wife: "" I just love him so much, he's my everyth-""

\*Husband snores\*

Wife: ""I can't live like this."""
"I opened an awful men’s wig shop." "It’s called hell toupee."
"Two criminals break into a drugstore and steal all the Viagra. The store owners call the police and they put out an alert." "An officer in the vicinity turns to his partner and says “Alright, we’re looking for two hardened criminals”"
"Why is your nose in the middle of your face?" "because it’s the scenter"
"What's the motto of women who like handjobs more than sex?" "A cock in hand is worth two in the puss."
"What do you get when you cross a sidewalk and a street?" "You get to the other side of the street."
"What would you call a russian wedding?" "Soviet Union"
"why summer didn't have any friends" "because she wasn't cool enough"
"i asked my north korean friend how things are going there" "he said: ""i can't complain"""
"There are visitors among us" "
They look like humans, and come in every shade and build that humans normally appear in.

We don't know whether they mean us harm or not.
It's good to be wary, but it's important not to provoke them, as their nature is unknown.

It may be frightening to think about, but there are subtle ways to recognize them.

A being from the evolutionary lineage of a distant star system will likely experience and perceive things in a manner totally alien to us. Things that smell pleasant to us may be revolting to them. They may see colors we can't perceive, or not see colors at all. Textures- and the reactions they provoke- may be radically obvious.

But, don't worry. They probably aren't here to harm us. In any case, no reason to provoke them hastily.

What's the easiest way to recognize them, you ask?

Simple.

They experience the most luxurious smoothness (like the very finest silks) as harsh. Rough. Sandpaper-like.

Listen when they talk about the sharks.

You'll know."
"Vampire hookers" "“I can’t believe people actually pay me to suck their d*cks.”"
"A wealthy, but stingy father was trying to put a birthday party together for his 18 y/o daughter." "He wanted the party to be extravagant, but wanted to spend as little money as possible. He had finished all of the other decorations, and he was left to work on the cake.

""Why not get it ordered from an upscale bakery?"" his wife said.

So the father visited a ton of different bakeries and did research, but found the prices to be too high.

My daughter is inviting all of her friends, and I'll look bad if I don't put together a good cake, he thought. Then, he stumbled upon a shop that opened once a year to provide free cake to its customers.

How quaint, the father thought, but desperate, he walked inside to see if they could provide a cake for his daughter's birthday.

He was met by a Buddhist monk chanting and lighting incense.

""Hello,"" the father asked, ""I would like to buy a cake.""

""Of course,"" the monk replied, ""just draw a picture of the cake you would like on the notepad on the desk.""

The father thought this to be weird, but wanting to save as much money as possible, he gave him the address and told him to come in the backdoor, just in case the cake was bad.

The day of the party arrived and the monk visited the house with the most extravagant cake the family had ever seen. All of the guests were in awe, and whispered to each other about how much the cake could have cost.

The monk became the guest of honor and at the end of the party, the father approached the monk and asked,

""Why do you do this for free? You should take money for your services!""

The monk smiled and said, ""I do this for free because a cake day is the best way to earn karma."""
"Best pickup line." "If we lived in North Korea together I’d be Kim Jong Un, and you’d be a normal citizen. Because I’d like to brainwash you and abuse your human rights."
"3 women talk about their husbands." "First says: ""I told mine that he has to choose me or fishing and i havent seen him in weeks.""

Second says: ""I told mine the same thing and i havent seen him in 4 days.""

3rd says: ""I told mine that too. I dint see him for 3 days, on the 4th one i started seeing with my left eye."""
"Guys how annoying is it when this happens" "When you run a nice hot bath, lay in it and relax then your dad jumps in with you."
"How programmers and cats are alike?" "They both can sit in the same position for long time and get excited when they find a bug"
"What happened to the person who had nowhere to sleep?" "Things got bedder"
"Three old ladies sitting in the park see a flasher, two had stroke" "The other couldn’t reach"
"How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb" Juan
"Three moles live in a hole together." "One day a pancake breakfast is set up around the mole hole. One of the three moles sticks his head out of the hole and says, ""I smell syrup!""

The second mole sticks his head out of the hole and says, ""I smell ketchup!""

The third mole tries to stick his head out of the hole, but cannot because the other two are blocking him. Frustrated, he says, ""All I smell is molasses!"""
"What do you call a mix between a pig and an alligator..." "A baconator"
"A grandfather is hanging out with his grandson." "He says to his grandson, ""Hey Johnny, please fetch me the cup of medicine and the cup of soda over there."" Grandson says, ""Sure, gramps, but why the soda?"" Grandpa says, ""I mix 'em together so that the medicine doesn't taste so nasty."" Johnny says, ""Oh, good idea"", and starts to pour the cup of medicine into the cup of soda for him. Grandpa says, ""No, no, no. Other way around. You pour the cup of soda into the medicine, not the medicine into the soda."" Johnny says, ""Okay, but what difference does it make?"" Grandpa, a little irate, says, ""What difference does it make??? Well, rather than ruining my wonderful soda with that nasty medicine, I'm making my nasty medicine taste better with that wonderful soda!"""
"What's the difference between a prostitute and a porno?" "The number of hookers."
"Butter get some upvotes on cake day.." "Or I'll feel desserted!"
"Lady GaGa and the GooGoo Dolls are coming out with a children's album." "It's called GooGooGaGa"
"William Shakespeare ?" "of course! Liam does shake his spear every now and then."
"How do you ask someone if they are gay?" "You lodge a query."
"Why is crossing the road similar to music?" "If you don't C# you will B*b*"
"A man walked into a bar." ouch.
"What do you call a Nazi after Hitler killed himself?" "An Argentinian"
"I have a fear of manipulation" "...and I’m not afraid to use it!"
"If Popeye was Jamaican..." "He would say “I nyam what I nyam an tha’s all I nyam”."
"What do you get when you cross a mafioso with a postmodern literary critic?" "You get a guy who'll make you an offer you can't understand!"
"My wife came home from her appointment and said her gynecologist told her not to have sex for 48 hrs." "I asked her, ""What did your dentist say?"""
"If Popeye was Jamaican..." "He would say “I nyam what I nyam an tha’s all I nyam”"
"What is the best halfling alignment?" "Waffle nuetral"
"My dad was watching this show where people ran hysterically and erratically like a swarm of gnats" "He said it was called ""March Madness"""
"What Do You Call Am Italian Vampire?" "A gabaGhoul"
"I know guys don’t really have game when it comes to girls..." "...but ladies y’all don’t even have the controller when it comes to flirting."
"My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer" " I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf"
"You know what’s really worth its weight in gold?" Gold.
"I got some really cool clothing for my tonsils" "Now I have post-nasal drip"
"Waterboarding in Guantanomo Bay sounds like a great time!" "If you don't know what either of those things are."
"What do you get when a kkk member makes cocaine" "WHITE POWDER"
"I tried plunging into a lake" "But I need a much bigger plunger"
"What game do you play with a wombat?" Wom.
"Did you hear about the pony with the sore throat?" "He was a little hoarse"
"How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs?" "None. He fell."
"I was an exchange student in Chernobyl..." "There were so many extra-testicular activities"
"A Newfoundlander in 1992" " 

The Year is 1992, an Ontarian and a Newfy are waiting in line for social welfare benefits. The Newfie asks the Ontarian

“So why are you here?”

The Ontarian says “I was laid off from my manufacturing job because it’s the early nineties, why are you here?”

“I’m here because of the Eel People”

The Ontarian says “What?”

The Newfie continues; “You don’t think Brian Mulroney and the rest of the Conservatives are real humans do you? They are just all eel people wanting to keep all of the ocean’s bounty for themselves. And because of that, us fishermen are out of employment.”

The Ontarian replies “If you’re a fisherman why can’t you just go fishing”

The Newfie says: “Why aren’t you listening? Because of the Moray-Torrey-PM \[Moratorium\]”."
"I told my friend that she drew her eyebrows too high" "she seemed surprised"
"A dad buys a lie detector robot and it slaps anyone who lies" "The dad asks his son, “where were you today”? And the son says, “at school” and the robot slaps him. Then the son says “ok, ok, ok,... I was watching Kung Fu Panda”. Then the robot slaps him again. So the sons says “fine...I was hanging out with a girl. And the dad goes “what?” “You’re too young to hang out with girls” “I never hung out with girls at your age” and the robot slaps him. Then the mom starts laughing and says “well he is your son after all” and the robot slaps her."
"My friend just told me she has short term memory loss" "I said ""One of us! One of us!""

She said ""One of who?"""
"A elderly man brings his sick wife to the hospital" "After hours in the hospital and the doctors and nurses running all kind of test the elderly man begins to get annoyed and finally snaps at the doctor.

“Listen here, we have been here for hours with no answers! Will someone please tell me what’s doing on with my wife!?

So the doctor sighs and looks at the man and after a moment finally responds, “listen sir, we have been running a lot of test and we have narrowed it down to two things. Either way I’m afraid there isn’t much we can do so I’m gonna start your discharge paperwork now.”

“You are discharging us!? Isn’t there anything you can do to help?” 

“I tell you what, this is strictly off the record but a block before you get to your house and let your wife walk the rest of the way home.”

“And how the hell is that suppose to help!” The old man screamed absolutely livid.

“It’s either aids or Alzheimer’s, if she makes it home don’t fuck her.”"
"My girlfriend has a yeast infection." "It looks frush-trating"
"What is more difficult than getting an assault rifle in the U.S.?" "Getting a water bottle in a Georgia voting line"
"The Singing Asshole" "Guy walks into a bar and tells the bartender he has a hidden talent.

Guy- ""I can sing out of my asshole""

Bartender- ""that's impossible""

Guy- ""How about a bet? If I can sing out of my asshole you give me free drinks all night"".

The bartender agrees to the bet. The guy proceeds to pull down his pants and take a giant shit all over the floor.

Bartender- ""What the Fuck are you doing""?

Guy- ..... ""clearing my throat""."
"A pirate's life" "Why is it a bad idea to date a pirate? Because they're only after your booty."
"How do you make a small fortune?" "Start with a large fortune."
"Do you know if that ship captain was ever given a new name?" "My vote’s for Unemployedy McUnemployedface"
"I asked my grandpa, “after 65 years you still call grandma darling, beautiful, and honey. What’s your secret?”" "Grandpa, “I forgot her name 5 years ago, I’m too scared to ask her.”"
"What would you call the Queen if she were stoned" "“Your royal highness”"
"I hate my job, quality control at the strobe-light factory." "I'm busy working like a cunt, and everyone else is just fucking standing still."
"How do you know that the Statue of Liberty isn't French anymore?" "It only has one hand in the air."
"A guy wakes up with a huge hangover and no recollection of his night out with his mates" "Slowly opening his eyes, he sees a bottle of aspirin and a glass of water on the bedside table.

He looks around the room to find his clothes are on the dresser, neatly folded, with a clean shirt on top. The bedroom is immaculate. On the bedside table is a note, which says, ""Darling, your breakfast is in the kitchen. I love you.""

Downstairs, he finds his favourite cereal, croissants, fresh OJ and freshly brewed coffee laid out waiting for him, along with the morning paper - and his 15-year-old son, who is finishing his own breakfast. 'Tell me, son,' he asks, 'what happened last night?'

'Well, says the boy, 'you came home so blind drunk you didn't even know your own name. You nearly broke the door down, then you were sick in the hallway, then you knocked the furniture over and when Mum tried to calm you down, you thought she was the police, so you gave her a black eye.""

'Christ!' says the man. ""Then how come my clothes are all folded, the house is tidy and my breakfast is ready?'

'When Mum dragged you into the bedroom and tried to get your trousers off to put you into bed, you shouted at her, ""Get your filthy hands off me, you whore, I'm married!''"
"What do you call a communist archer?" "A marxman."
"I’m proud of my heritage of being a Frenchwoman" "I show my pride by running away from every situation I feel uncomfortable in"
"What do you call a green and edible table?" "A Vegetable"
"The Lord’s Farm" "In an old rural town there is an abandoned farm. The barn is rotting the fields are overgrown and there are coyotes and rats roaming the land. There is a church nearby and the priest is annoyed at how ugly the land looks so he puts an ad in the paper to try and find a buyer. 

After a few weeks a businessman from the nearby city decide to purchase the plot. They meet to hand over the key and the priest loudly states “praise the lord for the blessing of land! I foresee great things from the two of you working it together!” The business man just grunts. 

A few weeks go buy and the priest goes to check on the land. The business man has repaired the barn roof, replaced the rotting posts, and painted the outside a glossy red. The priest again proclaims “praise god for the blessing of a new barn! Look what he had helped you accomplish!” And the businessman again just grunts. 

A few more weeks pass before the priest makes another visit. The fields have been cleared of weeds, there are cats chasing rats, and a new fence to protect the plot from coyotes. The priest explains “praise god for protecting this good earth from beast and weed! He has done so much through you!” The man just grunts. 

A few months pass and the businessman is getting ready to harvest his first crop. Neat Rows of bright yellow corn, grapes hanging fat on the vines, peach trees drooping with the weight of juicy fruit, and potato plants vigorous with life. The priest comes by again to collect a portion of the harvest for the annual autumn festival down at the church as they had agreed. He is impressed with the haul and even has to ask members of his congregation to come by and lend their pickup trucks so it can all go to the church. The whole time he is walking around saying “praise the lord for helping create this bountiful harvest” and “bless us god with the fruit of your earth” all while the businessman watches. 

As the last truck goes over the hill to the church the priest approaches the man, for he had noticed that in all these months he had never attended a service. “This is a fine crop! The lord has worked hard through you to bless us! You should come to the church and learn of his ways!” The man is silent for a moment before replying “you know I would but to be honest I don’t think god has much to teach me.” Surprised the priest says “what do you mean?” “Well did you see how this place looked when god was working it alone? And anyway he’s been a shit farmhand”"
"Just figured out that ghosts are . . . . ." " people who died trying to fold a fitted sheet."
"Life is like Barbaque sauce" "You shouldn't put it on vegetables"
"Nutted in my girlfriends braces" "Now my kids are behind bars"
"How do you make a pool table laugh?" "Tickle it’s balls.  :) 


Il let myself out...."
"My pants are French." "They are....Toulouse"
"I thought I'd make a joke about fencing" "but then I saw the rule about ""no ripostes"""
"I'm giving away my old marionette for free" "No strings attached"
"As a doctor, I would never make a joke about an unvaccinated baby." "But I could give it a shot."
"Helen Keller once described a cheese grater as..." """The most violent book i have ever read"""
"Dark pickup lines" "Are you suicide?
Because I think about you every day. 

Are you the suicide hotline?
Because I need to get your number. 

Are you a noose?
Because I’d love to hang with you. 

Are you a coffin?
Because I wish I was inside you. 

Are you a death certificate?
Because I wish you were mine. 

Are you an electrical outlet?
Because I’d like to stick my fingers inside you. 

Are you death?
Because I long for your sweet embrace."
"It’s too late to make Suez Canal jokes now." "That ship has sailed."
"why is our blood dyed by sun monsters" "it contains heliogoblin"
"Why can't you trust British food?" "You always have to take them with a grain of salt"
"Scientists found out" "but then went back inside again"
"A man and and his son" "A man washed his car with his son. After, his son asked him 'Couldn't you have used a sponge?'"
"What does the chimp say before flinging his feces?" poo-poo-poo-ka-ka-ka
"What do you call a human with a lot of patience?" "A doctor!



-original joke invented by me (I hope at least someone gets it)"
"What so you call a human with a lot of patience?" "A Doctor!



- original joke by me (idk if people actually get it)"
"A Catholic priest, a Protestant pastor and a Jewish rabbi are playing poker" "Now, this was back during the times of the German Empire when poker was highly illegal and the police was quite antisemitic. And as bad luck would have it, a raid happens. They can get rid of the cards, but it's still kind of obvious what's going on.

""Confess! You have been playing poker!""

""Me?"", said the priest, ""No, I swear, by the Virgin Mary!""

Hmm. Ok, a priest swearing on the virgin, he can't arrest him.

""But you!""

""Me?"", the pastor said, ""No, I swear by our saviour Jesus Christ!""

Hmm. Can't arrest a pastor swearing on the Christ, but no matter what the Jew would swear on, he's due!

""So, Jew, what do you want to swear on?""

""Swear?"", the Rabbi asks, ""Why should I need to swear, do you think I played poker against myself?"""
"I don't use shampoo" "I use the real stuff."
"I like tattoos everywhere but my face ." "I draw a line there."
"The invention of television has eliminated famine in Ireland." "Now, when the crops fail in the garden, the population can raise couch potatoes in the living room."
"Today we honor a patron saint by drinking ourselves into an unintelligible stupor." "Or as the Irish call it...breakfast."
"How will we know when the Anti-Christ is among us?" "He changes wine into water.






(OC. Thought of that last night when I stole my wife's water straw to drink my wine lying down like the completely heathenous glutton I am. Then I maintained eye contact as I put the wine straw back in her water cup. We started riffing off of each other. This joke started as a parody of that old Reese's commercial. ""You got your wine in my water! You got your water in my wine!"" Then I said I'm the Anti-Christ and this was the result. A less situationally-dependent joke.)"
"One day buddha walked down a hill to find the path that leads to happiness when he saw a horse.What did the horse say to him?" He-he
"One day buddha walked down a hill to find the path that leads to happiness when he saw a horse.What did the horse say to him?" He-he
"What insects practice witchcraft?" Covenants.
"I like tiny hotel soap." "I pretend that it's normal soap and my muscles are huge."
"A mother was seeing her child off to school." "As the child was leaving, she pulled 2 soggy dollar bills out of her maternity bra and said, ""Dont forget your milk money."""
"I was gonna tell you a joke about my penis" "But it was too long"
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" "What if the punchline was the friends we made along the way"
"What did Mr.Miyagi order from the Irish pub?" "Jame san!"
"I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of chapstick..." "She isn’t talking to me. 😎"
"No matter how you shake and dance..." "The last few drops fall down the side of your car."
"Why is turtle wax so expensive?" "Because they only have little ears."
"What do you call a fat girl with a rape whistle?" Optimistic
"a mean bee" "must bee have"
"An Irish priest has a rat problem..." "He tries everything to get rid of them. Traps, poison, setting cats loose in his church. Nothing works, and they are starting to deter some of his regular attendees because they see the rats during communion. 


One day a Bishop is visiting and the priest tells him his woes.


""Have faith, my son. I will take care of your rat problem.""


The Bishop enters the church and about an hour later comes out and declares, ""It is done! There are no rats in this house of the Lord any longer"". 


Dumbfounded, the Priest walks in and sure enough, can't find a single rat.


""Praise the Lord, it is like St. Paddy is with us again,"" cries the Priest, ""But, whatever did you do?""

The Bishop leans back on his car and says, ""Oh, I baptized them, you see? Now they will only ever be around on Christmas and Easter."""
"Two ghosts were sharing stories of their deaths." "Juan asked first, ""What killed you?""
    
""I was locked inside a fridge,"" Pedro said, ""I was cold and trembling, then suffocated after an hour."" 
    
""That sucks man,"" replied Juan. ""I got a heart attack and passed away."" 
    
""What happened?"", asked Pedro. 
     
""As I got home from work, I saw another man's shoes on our doorstep. I rushed to my wife's room and saw her naked and trembling. I was furious and searched the whole house. I checked the rooms, cabinets, kitchen, ceiling, everywhere, but I didn't see anyone!"", answered Juan. ""After searching, my chest was hurting and I had a heart attack."" 
    
""**DUMBASS!!!**"", shouted Pedro, ""If you opened the fridge and drank some cold water, we'd still be both alive!"" 
    
(translated from Filipino)"
"A ventriloquist is telling Irish jokes in a pub..." "... when an irate Irishman  stands up: ""You're making' out we're all dumb and stupid. I oughta punch  you in the nose.""   ""I'm sorry sir, I...""   ""Not you,"" says the Irishman, ""I'm talking to that little fella on your knee."""
"Why did Walter White take off his pants?" "He was worried they'd get methy."
"Don’t buy Ukrainian boxer shorts..." "...Chernobyl fallout. 





(*has to be read in a British accent*)"
"So a girl invited me over the other night because no one was home..." "... and when I got there no one was home."
"How to get karma on reddit?" "Piece of cake."
"People say I have a superiority complex." "But just because I am better than everyone else does not mean I have a superiority complex"
"What do you call the surcharge on a pack of eloquent cigarettes?" Syntax
"What do you call a gathering of people with skin disease in Ireland." "A Leper-Con"
"Everybody thinks it's okay when girls remove polish with chemicals" "But people always freak out when Hitler decided to remove polish with chemicals"
"What do they call lawn furniture in Ireland?" "Patty O'Furniture"
"A vacationing penguin is driving his car through Arizona when he notices that the oil pressure light is on." "He gets out to look and sees oil dripping out of the motor. He drives to the nearest town and stops at the first gas station.

After dropping the car off, the penguin goes for a walk around town. He sees an ice-cream shop and, being a penguin in Arizona, decides that something cold would really hit the spot. He gets a big dish of ice cream and sits down to eat. Having no hands he makes a real mess trying to eat with his flippers. After finishing his ice cream, he goes back to the gas station and asks the mechanic if he's found the problem. The mechanic looks up and says ""It looks like you blew a seal.""

""No no,"" the penguin replies, ""it's just ice cream."""
"An Irish man loved his golf, but he was a terrible golfer, it would seem, as he often found himself hunting for his balls in the woods" "on one such occasion, he happened upon a leprechaun. whom it would appear he had accidently hit with his errant shot.  

Gently shaking him awake, he asks ""Are you ok?""

""Aye, you show such kindness to me.  I will grant ye three wishes.""

  
""T'is OK, I am already blessed enough as it is.  If you could kindly point me to my ball I will be on my way.""

The leprechaun pointed him to the ball, then said, under his breath ""Ye refuse my wishes? I will give them to you me-self.  I wish ye great fortune, I wish ye great success at what you love, and I wish you a great love life!""

So a couple of years later, the man's back at the golf course, and the leprechaun goes to him.

""Aye! I see you are back.  How are things?""

""Well, it's funny you mention that.  I've been super busy.  My golf game suddenly turned around and got good enough that I'm now on the professional tour!""

""Oh my! I would imagine this means you are doing well financially.""

""Heavens yes! I have more money than I know what to do with it.""

""That is wonderful news...now how's the old love life?""

""That's personal!""

""C'mon man, just between us boys...""

""Oh, OK, once a month.""

""Once a month? That's nothing!""

""Well, what do you expect for a priest?"""
"My sister called the same bouncy castle supplier she had used the previous year for her 5 year old's birthday. The guy told her that the price had doubled but that the castle now came with its own air compressor. When she asked why the price had increased by so much, he said....." ....inflation.
"Introducing digital “crypto” humor. There is no set up." "And there is no punchline. You have to just trust that it is funny."
"what do you get when you cross a snowman and a bee?" "a brrr hive"
"I renamed my iPod The Titanic" "When I plug it in, it says ""The Titanic is syncing""."
"What do you call a small photo album?" "A photo EP"
"Why is Belle Delphine hot?" "Because it’s always sunny in belledelphia."
"A St. Patrick's day joke based on my Irish ancestry" "One evening an Irish man walks out of a bar ...

&gt;!That's the whole joke, the joke being two fold: an Irish man wouldn't leave a bar in the evening at all, and when an Irish man leaves a bar, he doesn't 'walk' out; he either staggers or is carried out!&lt;"
Death "Told my wife I wanted to be cremated.  She made me an appointment for next Tuesday."
"I find it hard to understand that people still don’t know how to correctly use “their”, “there” and “they’re”" "Their so stupid."
"Psychiatry class" "Professor: ""Today we'll learn about the stages of calm, irritability and fury."" Then the Professor grabs the phone and dials a number:

- Hello, may I speak with William, please?

- There is no William here, you got the wrong number.

""This was the stage of calm"", explains the professor, then dials again the same number:

- Hello, may I speak with William, please?

- I **already** told you there was no William here!

""This was the stage of irritability"", then dials the same number again:

- Hello, may I speak with William, please?

- What the F*** is wrong with you? I F***ing told you there was no William here, you idiot!

""This was the stage of fury. Any questions?""

From the back of the class, one student raises his hand: ""Professor, there is also the stage of desperation"", and proceeds to grab the phone, and dials the same number:

- Hello, this is William, did anybody call, asking for me?"
"A St. Patrick's day joke based on my Irish ancestry" "One evening this Irish man walks out of a bar ...

&lt;! that's the whole joke, the joke being two fold: that an Irish man wouldn't leave a bar in the evening, AND that he wouldn't 'walk' out; he'd stagger out or be carried !&gt;"
"The South African variant isn’t more dangerous" "It’s just more racist"
"Roses are red, violets are blue.." "I lost the game,

And you did now too :D"
"At the doctor investigating my stomach issues, I was asked if I had a family history of stomach issues" "I said “why yes, diarrhea runs in my genes.”"
"Guy: “See you later, alligator!”" "“I’m a crocodile”
Guy: “what a crock”"
"A guy asked a girl in a university library:" "A guy asked a girl in a university library:  
""Do you mind if I sit beside you?”

The girl replied with a loud voice:  
""I DON'T WANT TO SPEND THE NIGHT WITH YOU!""

All the students in the library started staring at the guy; he was truly embarrassed. After a couple of minutes, the girl walked quietly to the guy's table and said:  
""I study psychology, and I know what a man is thinking. I guess you felt embarrassed, right?”

The guy then responded with a loud voice:  
“$500 FOR ONE NIGHT!? THAT'S TOO MUCH!”

All the people in the library looked at the girl in shock. The guy  
whispered in her ear:  
""I study law, and I know how to screw people"""
"An Oxygen molecule go sees a doctor" """Doc, Im suffering from terrible cramps"" says the Oxygen Molecule.

""That's an easy fix,"" says the doctor, ""Just eat some Potassium and you'll be OK!"""
"2 monkeys sat on a branch, one says ""ooh ooohh aha ha aha!""" "The other says ""careful, that's hot."""
"Goofy tried to warn us about 9/11" "Hiyuck, hiyuck!"
"People say it’s frowned upon in society to talk poorly about the Jews.." "They say its bad Jew Jew."
"Q:Why did the chicken cross the road?" "A: To visit his friend the dummy.

M: Knock knock

Y: Who's there

M: Your friend the chicken!

[My 7yo told me this one and caught me off guard...]"
"How easily you're offended..." "....is directly proportional to how dumb you are."
"The only chest exercises I’m doing" "is Ms. Choksondik’s chest exercises."
"Ferdinand the Bull was on one side of a fence" "Elsie the cow was on the other. She winked at Ferdinand. Ferdinand snorted and jump over the fence.

""I'm Elsie the cow. You must be Ferdinand the Bull.""

""Just call me Ferdinand. The fence was higher than I thought."""
"What’s the best thing about Switzerland?" "Well I mean, the flags a plus!

Oh, the worst thing about Latvia?

The flags a minus!

The best thing about Poland?

Well they have beautiful campsites and views there! (Remove the ‘ites’ from campsites and ya got a dark joke) 

The wurst thing about Germany?

Well I mean sausages are wursts. 
(Wurst means sausage in german)


Enjoy the shitty jokes my friends."
"One day Steve Jobs went to a prostitute...." "The prostitute looked at him and said:Blow Jobs?"
"Some trans folk can't make up their minds on getting sex reassignment surgery or not." "They want to have their cock and yeet it too."
"A priest, a monk, and a rabbit walk in a bar. As they approach the bar, they see a blood donation booth. The rabbit hops to the nurse to be the first to donate. The nurse looks at him and ask: “What’s your blood group?”" "The rabbit  jumps down and says, ""I'm so sorry. I've already donated all my blood cause I'm here like every other day,"" and hopped away."
"How do pirates know they are pirates?" "They just ARRRRRR"
"What is a leprechaun’s fav band!?!?" "Green Day!!"
"I just put 14,000 moth balls in my closet to stop an infestation" "What I want to know?  How long does it take to carefully separate all those tiny little legs to get 14,000 balls?"
"A guy yells to an old man across the river, “Hey, how do you get to the other side of this river?”" "The old man yells back, “You *ARE* on the other side!”"
"Opening today for St. Patrick's Day is a new Julia Roberts movie!" "She plays an Irish legal assistant who investigates the toxic levels of green beer. It's called ""Erin Go-Brah-kovich."""
"when the fish asked the frog what his favorite app is....what did the frog say excitedly?" "Reddit Reddit"
"Can you imagine having Matthew McConaughey as your father?" "Alright, alright, alright~"
"Scientists discovered a new dinosaur." "They couldn't think of a good word for it, so they just used Thesaurus."
"Why is the Middle East so dry?" "Cause oil and water don’t mix"
"Why did the LIBURAL like to go to the LIBARY?" "Because they got more'n two genres in there!"
"A man is checking in for a flight from Russia to America." "Airport staff check his suitcase and see that he only has a bottle of vodka and a knife.

They ask him: is this all your luggage?

He replies: if I had something else, I would not go to America."
"I looked into the mirror." "
And saw a hillarious joke, I had to tell this here."
"Insert a lame dad joke here" "Say ""My 3-8yo made this joke and not at all me""."
"Moses went to Mount Olive." "Popeye was furious."
"the big problem with the tornadoes tonight" "is they're gonna be nocturnal"
"Who is the most famous avian basketball player?" "Meadowlark Lemon."
"What’s Irish and lays out on your lawn all night after your St. Patrick’s Day party?" "Patty O’furniture"
"A new strain of head lice has been discovered which is resistant to conventional treatments." "That has left scientists scratching their heads."
"Two guys decide that they'd go out drinking on the night before their exam." "Wasted on the night before, the two arrive at the university well after the exam ended. They went straight to the professor, saying that they couldn't take the test because one of the car's tires had gone flat. Surprisingly, the professor allows them and promptly tells them to come back tomorrow.

The two take this chance to cram as much as they can, and they return to the professor, ready for the test. The prof takes them into separate rooms and hands over their test papers. Flipping it over, they howl in laughter, seeing these simple questions like ""What subatomic particles make up an atom?"". This is too easy, they thought. 

Once they've reached the final question, the two guys' jaw hung loose as they read ""For 90 points, specify which tire went flat yesterday."""
"Thought of this cause rn my nose is stuck, and because of that, I call my nose" Step-nose
"Why does the ocean look blue?" "Because the fishes go blu-blu-blu

This is way funnier when said out loud but it works!"
"A man asks a prostitute to do the 69 with him" "But instead the prostitute did a 180 and walked away"
"Thought of this omw to work" "Me: *dies, goes to heaven. Gets stopped at the Pearly Gates by god

God: "" okay well you're mainly good so we'll let you in but you have to do one day in hell for every innocent life you've taken""

Me: "" all right well I haven't killed anybody so why are you telling me this""

God: "" this includes animals.""

Me: ""well i havent killed any animals eith-* suddenly remembering driving my car during Love Bug season* OH NO""

God: ""yeah. Ill see you in 3 million years pal"""
"Why was the narcissist next in line to be discharged from the mental hospital?" "Because he was better than all of the other patients."
"My woman is so ugly that we only make love like spies" Undercover.
"Why did no one in the kings court laugh when the king farted?" "Because noble gases don’t cause a reaction"
"What’s the difference between a chestnut and a walnut?" "Depends on the amount of foreplay."
"Never have I ever..." "“Never have I ever been in close contact with a Covid19 patient.”
A person puts their finger down."
"Have you ever stopped and realized drinking water through a straw is . . ." "the opposite of snorkeling."
"I once went to visit Japan and I haven't seen a single ninja." Impressive.
"Feminists when they realise..." "Feminists when they realise it's women and not wowomen

Feminists when they realise it's wowomen and not wowowomen

Feminists when they realise it's....."
"I like looking at the pretty girls, but I don't like to talk to them. They get me nervous. I get intimidated." "My friend came up to me, and says, ""Look at her she is beautiful. Go ask her out. What's the worst thing that can happen? She says no.""  


So I go over, and ask her out. She says, ""Get away from me you loser.""  


I was like, ""I think you broke the rules there."""
"I tried to come up with a joke about restraining orders." "But this is as close as I’m allowed to get."
"What time does Roger Federer go to bed?" Tennish
"An old couple walk into a supermarket..." "But there's a problem though; one of them steals. The woman is a kleptomaniac and she steals a can of fruit. She's taken before the magistrate.

The magistrate says, ""Ma'am, how could you do something like that. What did you take?""

She says, ""Well, I just took one can of peaches.""

""Peaches you took!"" The magistrate exclaims, ""How many peaches?"" 

She replies, ""I think there were six peaches in the can.""

He says, ""Ma'am, you are going to go to jail for six nights. That's it, it's final.""

""Oh my god!"" She cries.

Her husbans stands up, ""Your honour! She also stole a can of peas."""
"Good guys bad guys" "My friend told me an epic joke recently

**""The only thing stopping a bad guy with a gun, is a good guy with a gun""**"
"I accidentally used the dog’s shampoo this morning..." "And now I’m feeling like a good boy!"
"Looking for a married woman, recently cheated on, mad and scorned" "who is willing to sell her husbands tools for cheap."
"Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by . . . ." "removing their vocal cords."
"What do you call a policeman who supports Derek Chauvin?" "A male Chauvinist pig."
"What did 50 do when he was hungry?" 58
"I had a thought..." "... if bed bugs live in beds, then do cockroaches..."
"Why can't you see any non-binary mother?" "They are transparent."
"Why did the templar wake up covered in sweat?" "He had a knightmare."
"What do you call Jesus's boner?" HolyWood
"Medical consultation" "Doctor: you will have to stop masturbating

Patient: why?

Doctor: so I can examine you"
"I was praying for a good wife" "I was prayinh for a good wife so i got a good wife. She did not pray so she got me !"
"What the similarity between the deepest point on earth and me?" "Both are quite high today"
"I was standing in a park today, wondering why a frisbee gets bigger the closer it gets." "And then it hit me."
"Should've been more specific" "Bob was in trouble. He forgot his wedding anniversary. His wife was really pissed.

She told him ""Tomorrow morning, I expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds AND IT BETTER BE THERE !!""

The next morning he got up early and left for work. When his wife woke up, she looked out the window and sure enough there was a box gift wrapped in the middle of the driveway.

Confused, the wife put on her robe and ran out to the driveway, brought the box back in the house.

She opened it and found a brand new bathroom scale.

Bob has been missing since Friday."
"Dad jokes 101" "Whats the best part about Switzerland?

I dont know but the flag is a big plus"
"My Viagra got stucked on my throat while swallowing it" "It got me a raging stiff neck for 4 hours"
"What's squirrels favourite place?" "A nuthouse."
"What’s black and white and it moves?" "A nun rolling down the hill.

What’s black and white and it laughs?

The nun that pushed her."
"Can anyone recommend a good bank account?" "Mine's run out of money."
"A man with a dysfunction that makes him constantly wink is being interviewed for a job." "During the interview, the interviewer asks him for a tissue. The candidate pulls out one pack of condoms, then another, then yet another, and finally pulls out a pack of tissues.

The interviewer says:

- I'm sorry, sir, but I'm afraid we might not hire you because of your womanizing behavior...

The candidate replies:

- It's not womanizing. Have you ever tried to buy something at a convenience shop while constantly winking?"
"I had a vasectomy because I didn’t want any children" "When I got home, there were still there"
"What type of vinaigrette does a gospel ewe put on her salad" Balsam
"When Jane first met Tarzan in the jungle, she was instantly attracted to him and during her questions about his life, she asked him if he had ever had sex." """Tarzan not know sex."" he replied.

Jane explained to him what it was.

Tarzan said, ""Ohhh...Tarzan use knot hole in trunk of tree.""

Horrified, Jane said, ""Tarzan, you have it all wrong, but I will show you how to do it properly.""

She took off her clothing and lay down on the ground.

""Here."" she said, pointing to her privates, ""You must put it in here.""

Tarzan removed his loin cloth, showing Jane his considerable manhood, stepped closer to her and kicked her right in the crotch!

Jane rolled around in agony for what seemed like an eternity.

Eventually, she managed to gasp for air and screamed, ""What did you do that for?!""

Tarzan replied, ""Check for squirrel."""
"Just had appendicitis" "0/10 would do it again

I wasn’t joking about having the appendicitis btw"
"3 Bats are competing who can drink more blood." "The first bat goes away and comes back after some time looking pretty bloody. ""You see that village over there?"" "" yes"" ""well i drank all blood there"". Than secont bat goes away and comes back after more time looking bloodier than the first one ""You see that town over there?"" ""Yes"" ""well i drank all the blood there"". The third bat now goes a way and gets back after just a minute looking bloodier than bought of the other bats. ""So where did you go""

""You see that lamp over there?""

""Yes""

""Well i didn't see it"""
"Domestic violence is just gross" "...ly misunderstood."
"What are German counterfeit Adidas shoes called?" "They’re of course derdiedas. &gt;!Cue in Americans not getting the joke!&lt;"
"What would an English football fan do if England won the World Cup?" "Stop playing FIFA and go to bed."
"Don't forget to tip your server, that's what they always say..." "But then I got fired from the Google Datacenter."
"I had no idea why my boss and coworkers kept trying not to laugh during our zoom meeting" "After the meeting ended I turned around to see that my  4 year old daughter had included my vibrator as one of the guests at her dolls dinner party"
"Heard a rumor that Iron Man is going to be the newest Disney Princess..." "...they're always on the lookout for a strong Fe male character."
"The price of our local daily newspapers is going to increase next week" "Since I got this information early enough, I will buy 1,000 copies today so that I can make a huge profit when the price increases. That is, I will buy low and sell high."
"I love to wander around IKEA and attempt to pronounce some of the names of the furniture" "I stood there in shock as a very confused demon appeared in front of me wearing a bathrobe and demanding to know why I summoned them"
"Shouldn't have dressed up as Kermit the Frog for Halloween" "I looked like a right muppet"
"Never let anyone tell you what you can or cannot do" "Just look at Beethoven, everyone told him he would never be a musician, just because he was deaf. But did he listen?"
"What will there be when USA is gone?" USB
"Nsfw Pornsites now have a section for Coronavirus related videos.." "It's for the sick F#cks."
"My neighbor likes to put his grass clippings on the edge of my lawn." "So late one moonless night I planted a healthy stand of Johnson grass over his entire immaculately maintained front lawn. A month later his lawn was rife with weedy Johnson grass. I told my husband what I did and he said planting Johnson grass was a dick move."
"I gave up my seat on the bus to a blind guy and my boss fired me for it." "Guess I'll have to find a bus driving job in a new city."
"A cock fight joke" "How would you know if someone is stupid in a cock fight?

How?

If someone brings a duck



How would you know if there's someone way stupid than the other guy?

How?

If someone bets ok the duck



How would you know if there's a scam in the cock fight?

How?

If the duck wins"
"What did Master Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K?" HDMI.
"No more suez canal jokes" "That ship has sailed"
"Feel like hearing a dark joke?" "turn off the lights before doing knock knock"
"I like my women how I like my Covid..." "19 and easily spread"
"Why did the sun never set on the British Empire?" "Because God did not trust the British in the dark."
"What happens when a bird eats a legume that grants it immortality?" "They become a bean-ix"
"I was going to make a gay joke" "Butt fuck it"
"What do your room and the Bermuda Triangle have in common?" "Things mysteriously disappear there."
Bravery "The Russian said, “I will demonstrate the bravery of our sailors.”

He calls a sailor over and says, “Jump off the ship. Swim under it and climb back up.”

The sailor promptly salutes and jumps off the flight deck, swims under the ship, climbs up the davits and stands in front of the admiral and salutes.

The Russian says, “That, gentlemen, is courage.""

The American says, “That's nothing.”

He calls over a PO and says, “I want you to jump off the bows. Swim under the ship to the stern and then return.""

The PO salutes, jumps off the bow, swims to the stern, and climbs back up to stand in front of the admiral and salutes.

The American says, “That, gentlemen, is courage.""

The British admiral says, “That's nothing. Sailor, come here.""

The matelot comes to attention and salutes.

The admiral says, “I want you to climb the highest mast on the carrier, jump off, swim under the boat from bow to stern and then from beam to beam then climb up the mast and do it again.""

The matelot looks at the admiral and says, “You can fuck right off, sir!”

The admiral turns to the other two and says, “And that, gentlemen, is courage."""
"I was at the doctor's office, and she said, ""I need a stool, urine, and semen sample""" "
I was at the doctor's office, and she said, ""I need a stool, urine, and semen sample"" ...

...I replied, ""I'm running kinda of late, Doc, can I just leave you my underwear?"""
"I was at the doctor's office, and he said, ""I need a stool, urine, and seven sample" [deleted]
"I saw an oil stain that was 1000 years old." "It was ancient grease."
"I found I have been happier since I changed from coffee in the morning to orange juice." "My doctor explained that it's the vitamin C and natural sugars , but I really think it's the Vodka"
"Me: Would you like to join us for some beers after work?" "Coworker: No, my Faith doesn’t allow that.

Me: Oh sorry, are you a Christian?

Coworker: Yes, but Faith is my wife’s name."
"Where did Karen go after getting lost on a minefield?" Everywhere.
"A guy and his buddy go to pick up girls at the beach." "A guy and his buddy are on the beach trying to pick up girls.  The guy walks up and down the beach in his bathing suit and nothing.  Nobody looks.  He comes back to his friend and the friend says ""try a speedo"".  So the puts a speedo on and walks up and down the beach. Nothing.  No reaction, whatsoever.  He gets back to his buddy who says ""take this potato and shove it down your speedo"".  And the guy does.  He walks up and down the beach, and everyone is reacting now.  Hot girls, ugly girls, guys, children, everyone.  The guy gets back and his buddy says ""you were supposed to stick it in the front""."
"Why did the ocean roar?" "Wouldn't you if there are crabs underneath?"
"What do chemists dogs do with their bones?" "They Barium!"
"What is a Greek god's favorite American state?" Alabama!
"God says to Adam “You shall not boil a kid in its mother’s milk... for it it cruel”" "“Oh” says Adam “does that mean that I have to cook meat and dairy separately?”

“No” says god... “you have to listen to me. You shall not boil a kid in its mother’s milk... for it is cruel”

“Ahhh” says Adam “then you mean I have to keep my meat and dairy products in different places, and never let them touch each other or contaminate each other”.

“Listen!” God says “You shall not boil a kid in its mother’s milk... for it is cruel”

“I see” says Adam... “you’re saying that if I eat meat I have to wait at least 3 hours before consuming...”

God interrupts “You know what, just do whatever the fuck you want!”"
"What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common?" "Their last big hit was the wall."
"What do you call a guy who puts a mushroom on his Rolex?" "I don't know, but he is a Fungi to watch man."
"For every Dollar a man makes a woman makes 70 cents. That's really unfair." "That only leaves the man with 30c."
"I got message ""There are a lot of hot singles in your area!!!"". This is obviously a lie, all these singles are pretty cold." "I live right next to a cemetery"
"A husky, a golden retiever, and a cat all go to heaven." "The three animals are all lined up to be asked a question each by god.
The husky is first asked a question by god; ""as you are now in heaven and have always been loyal to your owner, where would you like to be placed in heaven?"" God askes the husky. The husky responds with; ""i shall sit by your right hand side and protect you through my eternal existance"", so god gestures to the dog to sit on the right of his throne.

Next is the golden retriever. God asks the same question, but with a slight twist. ""As you were always keeping your owner healthy with exercise and yet causibg mischief, where shall you like to be seated that is within my vision?"". The golden retriever responds with: "" i shall sit to your left, within your reach, and shall cause as little mischief possible"" he said with a smile, as god gestured to him to sit to his left.

Next, god asked the cat a question a little easier question. ""As you have not done anything truly wrong or anything truly good in your life, where do you feel that you should sit?"" God asked the cat. The cat responded with: ""i think you are where i should be sitting."""
"If everyone stopped paying taxes..." "The government couldn't afford to do anything about it....."
"What's the difference between Kobe Bryant and Arnold Schwarnzenneger?" "It wasn't Arnold's last time saying 'get to the chopper'"
"That moment when" "That moment when mom walks in on you having sex with your sister and she screams

 “How do you keep finding out where we buried her!?!”"
"Fans of celine dion attended a viewing of a calm plate of mustard" "They misheard the words *serene dijon*"
"One day a very religious man is praying at home when suddenly a tsunami hits." "He climbs to the roof of his house to avoid the flood and starts praying to God to save him.

""Oh God, I've worshipped you all my life, I'm not ready to die. Please save me from this flood""

After a few minutes of this, a guy on a rowing boat see's the man in distress and calls out

""Hey! I'm looking for survivors, hop on, let's get out of here""

""No thanks"" replied the religious man ""I have faith that God and prayer will save me"". The man on the boat leaves him to his prayers and rows off.

The religious man keeps praying for God to save him, all the while the flood waters are rising. After a few minutes the coast guard's speedboat shows up and pulls up alongside the man on the roof

""Come on"" yell the coast guard's. ""The flood is getting worse, we need to go now!""

""No thanks"" replies the man ""I have faith that God will rescue me"" so the coast guard also leaves.

The water has now reached the man's feet and his prayers are getting more and more frantic. He suddenly hears an army helicopter overhead that hovers above him, sends down a rope and yells for him to climb up.

""No thanks"" replies the man ""all I need is my faith in God. He will rescue me"". The helicopter then leaves.

A few minutes later the water has risen and the man drowns. Upon appearing at the gates of Heaven he sees God and asks him ""God, have I not been faithful to you all my life? Why did you leave me to drown at my time of need?""

God replies ""I sent you 2 boats and a fucking helicopter, what more did you want?!"""
"What looks like a rabbit but smells of marmalade?" "Paddington Hare"
"How does a non binary person kill people?" [deleted]
"What did Bugs Bunny say after beaming aboard the Enterprise?" "What's up Spock?"
"The Grave of the fireflies was such a good movie.." "Can't wait more to watch the second part."
"My dad said that I'm my own worst enemy." "I've been thinking about it for ages.

Why can't I be my own *best* enemy? I must be terrible at that too."
"What do you call an insect with shit chat?" "Colin the Patterkiller!"
"What's the difference between your ass and a thunderstorm?" "Only one of them is getting clapped tonight"
"Whats the difference between a bomb vest and a feminist?" "A bomb vest does something when it's triggered"
"My favourite long joke" "Pete and Dave are on the first tee. Pete slices an enormous shot into the middle of a dense wood. ‘Oh no he says (insert appropriate profanity), I’ll never find that; that makes a whole box of golf balls I’ve lost this month. ‘

Dave says ‘you should try one of these,’ producing a ball from his pocket. ‘What’s so special about that?’ says Pete.

Well, in a situation like this there is a little photo electric cell on the ball that detects the reduction in light and a tiny trapdoor opens and shines a flashing beam of light into the sky. 

‘That’s handy says Pete, but one of my worst habits is to blast the ball so deep into the bunker but I can’t find it again.’ ‘That’s no problem, says Dave. It has a little chemical analysis tool, which identifies the presence of sand and out of this little trapdoor comes a tiny flag which pushes up out the sand and waves to catch your attention.’

‘Ok, but what about the balls I lose in the lakes?’ ‘You’ll be fine, says Dave. The little chemical analysis tool recognises the presence of water, and a tiny motor starts up to propel the ball out of the lake. If it lands in the sand, the little flag will wave. If it lands in the wood the flashing light will start up.

‘Okay I’m sold says Pete where can I get one?’

‘I don’t know says Dave, I found it.’"
"One man walks into a bar." "One man walks into a bar. Orders a drink and left without say anything. Some other customer asks the bartender what was that man's drink.  Bartender says it was man-go juice."
"A bus full of nuns crashes and they all die and go to the pearly gates." "There they are met by St Peter. St Peter asks the first nun:

""Sister, have you ever touched a penis?""
The Sister replies:
""Yes, with the tip of my finger""

""OK, dip the tip of your finger in the Holy water and in you go""

The next sister approached St Peter and He made the same question:

""Sister, have you ever touched a penis?""

""Yes, I once gave a hand job.""

""Put your hand in the holy water and in you go.""

At this point one of the nuns at that back starts pushing and shoving her way to the front, when she gets there St Peter asks:

""Why are you in such a hurry?""

The nun replies:

""I have to gargle before sister Anne puts her ass in it."""
"One of my bosses' favorites" "Two guys are traveling through Africa, the untamed wilds. And local tribe catches them. The chief comes out of his tent and says:

""You stepped into our lands and violated our sacred laws. Now choose your punishment - death or matumba!""

The first guys thinks for a bit and says:

""Surely death is the worst choice, I'll go with matumba""

Without any hesitation, the chief ties the first guy to the pillar and the whole tribe gets in line and fuck the guy one after another. There are so many tribesmen that the poor guy dies from the pain.

Now it's the second guy's turn, so the chief asks again:

""What will be your punishment - death or matumba?""

Seeing his dead buddy, the second guy replies:

""Well, I choose death.""

To what the chief replies:

""Okay, death - but by matumba!"""
"My wife says that she's fine with a tiny penis" "I'd still prefer she not have a penis"
"Minor kunja suttuten" "Engada sutta?

Athan Sonnene!

RIP: Vivek!"
"I went shopping the other day." "Met a talking light bulb, he seems bright."
"An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps." "Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.

The brunette thinks ""I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.""

The blonde thinks ""I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.""

The Frenchman thinks ""I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.""

The Englishman thinks ""I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again."""
"The Difference Between Poetry and Prose" "An English teacher was explaining the differences of poetry and prose to her class.

“Mary had a little lamb, whose fleece was white as snow, and everywhere that Mary went, the lamb was sure to go.”

“This is an example of poetry, but if I wanted to change it to prose I would say, ‘the lamb went with her’.”

“Can anybody else provide me an example of an example of either poetry or prose?”

Little Johnny raised his hand and began, “Mary had a little pig, an ornery little runt. He stuck his nose into her skirt and sniffed her filthy...” He paused. “Would you prefer poetry or prose?”

“PROSE, Most definitely!” Exclaimed the teacher.

“Asshole!”"
"How does a Nonbinary samurai kill people?" They/them
"A banker a biker and a lawyer walk into a bar...." "They're all buddies who coincidentally have the same wedding anniversary. So they all grab a drink and discuss what they got their wives as wedding anniversary gifts. Banker takes a sip of his scotch and says for our anniversary I got her a string of the finest pearls and a brand new Mercedes so if she doesn't like the necklace she'll like the car and know I love her. Lawyer takes a drink of his bourbon and says for our anniversary I got my wife a trip to the bahamas and a diamond ring so if she doesn't like the Bahamas she will like the ring and know I love her. Biker takes a swig of his beer and says for our anniversary I got my wife a T shirt and a dildo so if she doesn't like the shirt she can go fuck herself."
"How does a non-binary samurai kill people?" They/Them
"If Dolly Parton has a coat of many colors, what does Dolly's husband have?" "Cock of many colors"
"What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?" "A hooker can wash her crack and resell it."
"We've been having really nice weather lately." " Today my neighbor with the big tits was mowing the lawn topless. I just wish his wife would do the same."
"How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?" "None, they beat the room for being black."
"So there’s this frog." "He just got married, and he and his wife are looking to buy a house. The only problem is, he doesn't have any money in the bank :(

He and his wife realize that their only choice is to try to apply for a pretty big loan. The frog heads to the local bank, and meets with the loan officer - a lovely young woman named Patricia Black. When she looks across the desk and sees that her next appointment is with a frog, she's obviously a little surprised. She asks him, ""What can I do for you, sir?"" The frog replies, ""I need a loan. My wife and I are trying to buy a house."" Miss Black isn't quite sure how to respond. ""But...you're a frog,"" she says. The frog, used to this after many years, asks ""Yeah? So?"" Miss Black explains that they're going to need some sort of collateral in order to offer a loan, and the frog asks what collateral is. Miss Black says, ""Collateral is something valuable that the bank can seize if you're unable to repay your loan in time. Do you have anything of value?""

Mr. Frog says that he does, and that he'll be back the next day with it, since he really wants this house soon. Sure enough, he come back to the bank the next day, has a seat in Miss Black's office, and sets a lawn gnome on the desk. ""Here's my collateral,"" he says. ""Sir, that's a lawn gnome. We can't take that,"" replies Miss Black. Mr. Frog asks her to go check with the branch manager. 

When the manager comes into the office and is filled in about the situation, he gives Miss Black a funny look. ""It's a knick-knack, Patty Black. Give the frog a loan!"""
"Confucius say..." "Man who stick dick in biscuit tin is fucking crackers"
"What does Christopher Walken say to the driver that almost ran him over?" "“Hey, I’m Walken ‘ere”"
"Well, that took a nice turn!" " **I've been in a really dark place recently, so I've been thinking of dying... The problem is I don't own any paint or experience in clothmaking, guess my curtains will have to stay Gray for now!**"
"I mean I’ve only had one headlight before" "Didn’t write a fucking song about it."
"We shouldn't mix races, it's immoral and honestly pretty gross." " That's why I hate triathlons."
"Once upon a time..." "The Seven Dwarves were all taking a bath and feeling happy. Happy got out, so they all felt grumpy."
"Nation dialogue" "You know, I was very Hungary one day, so I went to go Czech the fridge. I managed to find some Turkey that was leftover from Thanksgiving, but it was all covered in Greece. So I closed the fridge and Czech'd the pantry. I saw a Canada beans, so I grabbed them and microwaved them, but it exploded. My mom says that Iran out of diversity with food, and that I needed to expand on that. She also mentioned we need to get groceries. I said ""Denmark my words, I shall go to the grocery store!""."
"That part of the hood..." "I once parked my car with my accordion in the back seat in a rough part of town. I was only gone a few minutes, but when I came back, somebody had smashed my rear windshield and thrown in two more accordions."
"Did you hear about the Berkeley Pit?" "It's a giant Butte hole."
"What did the chef say when a customer accused him of making spiceless food?" "That's a basil-less accusation!"
"Why wouldn’t they let the stoner on the basketball team?" "Because he couldn’t jump high"
"[NSFW] Three sailors are on leave and get absolutely hammered..." "...and are meandering around the port and decide that they’ve not gotten their whistles wetted in a while and start to ask around about where to find a good whore.

Before long they’re told, multiple times, about this amazing woman who gives amazing blow jobs, but also treats men to a song.

So the three drunk bastards set off and with the help of local scum, find her in no time.

The three sailors knock on the door and a small slit opens up revealing a gorgeous set of painted, ruby lips behind it, which informs the men of her rules:

* Payment up front

* It is to stay completely dark

* One man at a time

They eagerly agree and pay her through the slot in the door and soon the first two sailors are finished with the woman and sharing praise over her talents; “Oh lord she can suck cock like no ones business!” - “Holy shit can the woman sing!” And in a bit of drunken revelry the third one before he was to step inside jokes, “I bet your cocks are so small she could sing while doing yah!”

The other two men got meekly quiet, because it was true: she WAS singing as she was blowing them, and soon all the men were confused, and worried.

Upset about a possible trick or another possibility of deviance, they concocted a plan.

The third sailor comes in, is led to a couch where he’s sat down and the whore begins to perform on him and as she starts working the shaft of his penis, she begins to sing, so the third sailor shouts for his buddies who burst through the door, grab the poor woman and haul her outside to get her under a street lamp to talk to her so they can figure out what in the fuck was going on- but that ultimately wouldn’t be necessary as when the cadre got her into the light, they would all learn that she only had one eye."
"I get confused with these Latin phrases." "Is it carpe tunnel or per diem?"
"There’s a famous pirate who wears his ships massive steering wheel as a belt buckle." "One day his first mate asks “Sir I have always wondered why you wear that. It must be uncomfortable.” “Aye” replies the captain “It drives me nuts”."
"What does a woman’s asshole and a 9-volt battery have in common?" "You know it’s wrong, but you put your tongue on it anyway."
"Three explorers are captured by natives" "All 3 are tied up and displayed in the middle of the village.  The leader of the natives approaches them.

""You are trespassers and must be punished.  You must choose between death and ooga-booga.""  The explorers learn that ""ooga-booga"" is forced sodomy.

""I am too young to die!"" the first explorer cries.  Very well,"" the leader nods.  ""OOGA-BOOGA!"" A group of the natives have their way with him.

""Good lord, I have a family that needs me!"" cries the second explorer.  ""Very well,"" the leader nods.  ""OOGA-BOOGA!"" The natives pounce and violate him.

The third explorer looks with disgust upon his colleagues, at their abject humiliation.

""To bloody hell with the lot of you!""  he shouts.  ""I choose death!  I will die, but I will die with dignity!""

""Very well,"" the leader nods.  

""DEATH ... by OOGA-BOOGA!"""
"2 men go hunting, one of which for his first time" "They’re walking 10 meters apart or so, when they new hunter hears a sound and quickly turns &amp; excitedly fires his rifle, just barely missing his friend. 

“Good God man, be careful!” the friend yells. 

“Oh man, I’m sorry!”

But no more than a few minutes later he does it again, this time actually nicking his friend’s jacket. 

“You have GOT to be more careful!!” the friend yells. “If you do that again, with God as my witness, I’ll shoot back!!”

But sure enough, the next noise he hears, he gets excited again, turns and quickly fires. So just as he said, his friend turns and fires back. And being an experienced hunter, he HITS his friend. 

Needless to say, he had to rush the man to the hospital. While in the waiting room, the doctor comes out &amp; says “sir I’m sorry. Your friend.... just died.”

“Oh my God! I can’t believe I shot my friend to death!”

The doctor responds, “it wasn’t the shot that killed him sir. I just don’t understand why you gutted him too.”"
"Happy Endings..." "There's a middle aged guy - getting a bit fat and bald now, got a gimpy leg so he's walking with a cane - his wife just gave up trying to get horny and sent him out to find his fun somewhere else.

So he arrives at a brothel he'd heard about - pretty tall, a townhouse, very plain looking outside. He rings the bell and a short girl answers the door - looks pretty nice and clean.

""Hi there, a little early for visitors - can I ask what you're looking for?""

""I can't get laid. I just wanna get fucked!"" he said.

""And did you bring money? It'll cost you $100 to come in for a look around."" So he coughs up and goes in - she sent him up a rather steep staircase to the first floor where he met another girl. There were some others around, but they were proper mingy looking and they were just sitting around playing cards.

""I don't think much of this!"" he said. 

""Oh, no - customers get served up on the upper floors - there's a hatch to go up to the back rooms as you can't reach that part of the building on the stairs.

So she got him some stepladders and sent him up through a hatch. Things looking nicer now.

Now a much cleaner girl approached, she looked way out of his league - long dark hair and great figure.

""Wow, can I go with you?"" he asked. 

""Well I'm a hostess, but I take a premium - an extra $200 should do it.""

He made her promise this would be the last time. ""Sure thing."" she said. Then she led him up the final flight of stairs and along a long corridor with a door at the end.

""Through here."" she said.

As he opened the door, he felt her push up behind him - and then give him a shove!!!

The fire escape was missing!!! As he clung on to the step, dangling outside the building, he pleaded...

""What the fuck?""

""Well, Sir, you came here to get fucked - and you're certainly fucked now""."
"What’s the difference between an erection and a Camaro?" "I don’t have a Camaro!


That joke works better when a guy says it so someone please take it."
"Do you know what the difference is between a gun and a taser?" "Maybe you do, but some simpleton sure didn’t"
"Here's a shitty joke my friend told me" "There was a mathematician who had a problem he could not solve, he was constipated. At one point, he decided to just sit down for 45 minutes and slowly work it out with a pencil."
"Took a poo this morning." "I don't think anyone saw me... no one's gonna miss it.

Omw to r/confessions now."
"Once an American, a French and an Indian were travelling in an airplane." "To find out where they have reached, the American stretched his hand out of the plane and said, ""We have reached America"".

The other two asked how for which he replied,""Well my hand hit the Statue of Liberty"".

Next the French stretches his hand out and said,""We have reached France"".

The other two asks how for which he replied,""Well my hand hit the Eiffel Tower"".

Then the Indian puts his hand out of the plane and said, ""We have reached India"".

The other two asks how and he replied, ""Well someone stole my watch""."
"A naked man broke into a church." "The police chased him around and finally caught him by the organ."
"3 biologists are exploring an uncharted jungle..." "... when suddenly they are seized by natives.

The natives tie them up and take the 3 men to the village where they are placed before the chieftain. 

The chieftain says, “You have trespassed on our sacred land, and so, you must be punished. You have one chance to save yourselves from death. Go in to the jungle and search for fruit. Come back here with the first fruits you find, and then your lives may be spared. Try to flee, and my hunters will find you and kill you.”

And with that, the men are released to search the jungle.

The first biologist finds his fruits and makes his way back to the village and upon arrival he says, “I searched and searched your beautiful jungle and have returned with 2 delicious, large oranges for you, oh mighty chieftain.”

The chief replies, “Excellent. Now, if you wish to save your live, you must take those 2 delicious, large oranges and stick them all the way up your butt.”

“Excuse me?”

“If you can fit both oranges all the way up your butt without making a sound, your life will be spared” the chief explains.

“Very well” says the biologist, as he bends over and starts licking the first orange. Very gently and painfully, he manages to squeeze one orange in without making a sound, but halfway through the second orange he can’t take the pain anymore and he cries out in agony. Immediately, *whoosh* his head is sliced off and his body is carried away.

Eventually, the second biologist makes his way back. And he says,  “I searched and searched your beautiful jungle and have returned with 5 delicious, round blueberries for you, oh mighty chieftain.”

The chief replies, “Very good. Now, if you wish to save your live, you must take those 5 delicious, round blueberries and stick them all the way up your butt. If you can fit them all without making a sound, your life will be spared”.

“Uhhh... if you say so” the biologist replies, as he lies down and spreads his cheeks. 

*plop* One blueberry in.
*plop* Two blueberries in.
*plop* No problem.
*plop* Four down, one to go.

But then, before he can fit the fifth blueberry, the biologists begins laughing hysterically. He is rolling on the ground, howling uncontrollably when suddenly *whoosh*, his head is chopped off.


Up in heaven, the first biologist is waiting and when the second biologist shows up he says “Hey! What happened down there? I was watching and you were so close to finishing that last blueberry!”

“Yeah”, replies the second biologist, “but I saw the third guy on his way back carrying a pineapple.”"
"A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots of whisky" "He gulps them down quickly.  

Bartender asks ""What's the occasion?""

Guy replies ""First blowjob""

Bartender ""Wow, can I buy you another?""

Guy retorts ""No, if 3 don't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will"""
"How do the french cut their baguette 🥖??" "With a Guillotine."
"Did you hear about the guy who wrote his dissertation on copypastas?" "Apparently he plagiarized the whole thing"
"Getting the gig." "There was a last-minute New Year’s Eve gig that opened up, that was taken by a tuba player and a banjo player.

They rocked the house all night, and when the gig was ending, the host asked if they would do the gig the following year.

The banjo player said, “ We’d LOVE to!!! … Can we leave our stuff here?"""
"Rough part of the hood." "I once parked my car with my accordion in the back seat in a rough part of town. I was only gone a few minutes, but when I came back, somebody had smashed my rear windshield and thrown in two more accordions."
"I used to have a dog that was only a head." "Very happy dog. One day I was drinking a beer and he wanted a sip. Who am I to deny him?

He had a sip and a body grew on his head! So I gave him a drink. A leg formed! Another drink, another leg, then another, and another. A final drink and he had a tail!

By now he was really drunk and I'm sure he had to pee, so I let him outside.

He staggered outside and into the road, where he was hit and killed.

I learned something that day.

It's better to quit while you're ahead."
"What do you get when you breed a pit bull with a shih tzu?" Yiff.
"Oh little Jimmy." "Little jimmy walked into the kitchen to find his grandpa smoking cigarettes.

""Can I smoke a cigarette too?"" Asked jimmy.
""Can your dick reach your own butthole?"" Asked grandpa.
""No."" Answered jimmy.
""Then you are not old enough."" Replied grandpa.

The next day, jimmy walked into the kitchen to find his grampa drinking beer.

""Can I drink some beer too?"" Asked jimmy.
""Can your dick reach your own butthole?"" Asked grandpa.
""No."" Answered jimmy.
""Then you are not old enough."" Replied grandpa.

The next day, grandpa found jimmy eating cookies in the kitchen.

""Can I eat som cookies too?"" Asked grandpa.
""Can your dick reach your own butthole?"" Asked jimmy.
""It most certainly can."" Answered grandpa.
""Then go fuck yourself."" Replied jimmy."
"What do you call a person with 2 donkeys?" Biased
"What Do You Call What Farmers Grow?" "Sol food!"
"Why do deaf people make the best gynecologists?" "Because they can read lips"
"My dog is vegan." "She eats meat, that's just her name."
"I used to think that I was an open-minded person." "But then I changed my mind about that."
"Why is it called MicroSoft?" "Because men can relate to it more than the term BigHard"
"My ex took the plunger when she left. (OC)" "I found out at the shittiest time."
"Your mom is so fat..." "...her nickname at the OBGYN is Suez Canal."
"Old, short and not funny" "Two Jews walk into a bar. See prices and walk off.
Then barman sayid: “We have free pork!”

Sorry for this."
"Anyone else ever have their cake day hit them out of nowhere and have no real joke prepared?" "Yeah me neither."
"What did the chair say when it was leaving the fiesta?" "¡La silla later!"
"What do you call someone who is incredibly good at estimating the weight of objects?" "A masstermind"
"A girl comes up to her stepdad and asks to borrow his car." "The stepdad denies her so she begs and begs and begs until finally the stepdad says, “fine, I’ll let you borrow the car if you drop on your knees and suck my dick.”

Disgusted, she turns around and goes back to her room. 

30 mins later, she comes back to ask again because she really needs to borrow his car. 

He says “Ok, but you still have to suck my dick!” She agrees, “fine but you better not tell anyone!”

She drops to her knees and puts his dick in her mouth but instantly pops up on her feet. “Ew! Your dick taste like shit!”

The father then remembers, “oh that’s right, your brother has the car tonight!”"
"Why is it so cheap to babysit a kid with an afro?" "A piece of Velcro on the ceiling is all you need"
"My grandpa likes to boast that his bodily functions are like clockwork" "Now he wasn't always like this so he's  been taking extra pride in it:

""everyday I go to sleep at 21 o'clock.then at 5:30 a.m. I take a piss.At 5:45 I have a shit,and at 6 a.m. sharp I wake up."""
"What has a 1000 teeth and holds back a monster?" "My zipper."
"I used to date a comedian. Things were going great until they met my parents." "They made a bad impression."
"A Romantic Poem" "Here I sit
Broken hearted
Came to shit
But only farted"
"I knew this kid that was really, REALLY smart but was also kinda a loser." "He was a grade A nerd."
"What did the disappointed pirate say to his firebug son?" "Arr son."
"What does sperm say..." "During pregnant sex? Oh baby!
During oral sex? Oh spit!
During sex with a condom? Oh dam!
During anal sex? Oh shit!"
"An old couple eating at McDonalds" "Can’t believe what I saw in McDonald’s today. An old man placed an order for one hamburger , French fries and a drink. 

He unwrapped the plain hamburger and carefully cut it in half , placing one half in front of his wife.

He then carefully counted out the French fries , dividing them into two piles and neatly placed one pile in front of his wife. 

He took a sip of the drink , his wife took a sip and then set the cup down between them. As he began to eat his few bites of hamburger , the people around them were looking over and whispering. 

Obviously they were thinking , 'That poor old couple - all they can afford is one meal for the two of them.'

As the man began to eat his fries a young man came to the table and politely offered to buy another meal for the old couple. The old man said , they were just fine - they were used to sharing everything.. 

People closer to the table noticed the little old lady hadn't eaten a bite. She sat there watching her husband eat and occasionally taking turns sipping the drink. 

Again , the young man came over and begged them to let him buy another meal for them. This time the old woman said 'No , thank you , we are used to sharing everything.'

Finally , as the old man finished and was wiping his face neatly with the napkin , the young man again came over to the little old lady who had yet to eat a single bite of food and asked 'What is it you are waiting for?' 

She answered:
'THE TEETH'. 😁😁."
"A mother of two girls died" "A mother of two girls died and while the brunette was organizing the funeral, she asked the blonde to buy a fancy dress to their mother and gave her 1000 bucks. She bought a very fashionable dress for just 600, a bargain. 
After the funeral, the blond asked her sister to give her more 600 bucks. She gave her and after one week she asked her sister to give more 600 bucks again.
The brunette was confused: ""How many installments I have to pay in the end""?

The blonde said: ""No, that dress was very expensive, I didn't have enough money to buy it, so I went to a clothing rental shop instead""."
"What’s the most environmentally friendly subreddit?" "r/jokes of course. They recycle everything."
"I was trying to think of past Republicans similar to Marjorie Taylor Greene" "But they just Palin comparison."
"Postman Pat was retiring..." "...and all his post round wished him well, many giving him presents.  His last call was to a beautiful blond, and as soon as he put the letters in the box, she opened the door, grabbed him by the shirt, dragged him to the bedroom and had wild sex with him.
Afterwards, heading out, the beautiful blonde called him  to the kitchen where she had tea ready. She sat him down, and there in front of him was a brand new 5 euro note.  Pat was puzzled and said, 'This has been the best day of my life, but I have to ask, what's the 5 euro for?'
The beautiful blonde smiled and said, ' this morning, I heard about your retirement,  and I asked my husband what we should get you.  He said  'f@*k him  give him a fiver...the tea was my idea.'"
"Nazism is an underrated ideology" "People say it's not meta, but turns out it's SS-tier."
"An elderly blind man was begging for money on the street, holding a sign-" "“Roses are red, 
Violets are blue, 
Or so they tell me,
Cause I’m blind.”"
"Did you know that Athiest organizations are tax exempted?" "Its because they're non-prophet organizations."
"I hope Kanye’s kid writes an autobiography" "I expect big things out of *North*, by North West"
"What do you call the bugs around Simba's butt hole??" "The circle of LICE !!!"
"I don't know why everyone makes fun of Catholic priests all the time" "All they want to do is settle down and have kids."
"People keep telling me to diversify my stock profile" "So I found a new GME broker"
"One day" "A man had 50 dollars. He spent it on a hooker.

A woman had 50 dollars. She spent it on a hooker.

Moral of the story: I got 100 dollars."
"I went in a few dates with a girl with one wooden leg." "But it wasn’t going well, so I broke it off."
"All jokes aside, and you would have a whole lot of hilarious leather." "Sorry in advance."
"Did you hear the news about the former talk show host Jenny Jones?" "She was found face first in Ricki Lake!"
"Why did the nursing home begin administering Viagra?" "To keep the old guys from rolling out of bed."
"What emergency number does the German living in Mexico dial?" "Nein Juan Juan"
"What’s the difference between oral sex and anal sex?" "One will make your day, the other will make your hole weak."
"What do you call a dinosaur sliding down broke back mountain?" "A Megasaurus. (Mega-sore-ass)"
"What does Michael Jackson and Flavor Flav have in common?" "&gt;!They both like to yell ""Yeah boyeee!"" in the bedroom.!&lt;"
"What did the toupee say to the hat?" "Cover me, I’m going on ahead."
"I just opened my fridge and it smells of Basil." "I think it's Fawlty."
"which one hangs longer the cieling fan or the emo kid" "which one do you think"
"what was the last thing kobe had on his mind" "the propeller"
"What do you call a boxer writing on UFC?" "Getting to the punchline"
"What is the most honest type of flower?" Lilac
"I used to be a ventriloquist, until I lost my dummy." "Now I'm just a schizophrenic."
"I went to a cannibals wedding last weekend." "All was going well, until they decided to toast the Bride and Groom."
"The one about the Buddhist Monk and the Hot Dog Vendor" "A Buddhist monk says to a hot dog vendor: ""Make me one with everything.""

The hot dog vendor hands him a hot dog with the works, and the monk pays $20.

""Where's my change?"" asks the monk?

""Change comes from within,"" replies the hot dog vendor."
"My penis is like modern phone chargers" "Small and ultrafast."
"What do you call an army of retarded persons?" "Special Forces"
"Why did the sick guy not get the joke below mine?" "It flu over his head."
"Do you know why women talk so much and men think so much?" "Because women have four lips and men have two heads"
"A brave and fearsome pirate sailed toward a small island, in search for buried treasure." "He and his crew raced ahead in their rowboat, eagerly awaiting a massive payday. When they shortly came upon a large forest, they searched desperately for the last clue on the map. 

As the first mate guided them carefully up to a clearing, he stopped suddenly and pointed at a crouched figure straight ahead. 

The captain gasped. 

""...Carol??"" 

""Hey, loser,"" she droned, relieving herself between two pines. ""I see you're still looking for buried treasure like a childish twat."" 

She chuckled, pulling up her pants. ""Well, here you go! Good luck digging it up, dumbass!"" she laughed, flipping him the bird as she strolled away. 

The crew sat in stunned silence. No one dared address the captain...until his first mate whispered, ""*Brilliant.*"" 

""Brilliant!"" the captain shouted, rounding on the man. ""*Brilliant?!* Ya mind telling me what the devil me former wench be doin' pissin' on the place we're to dig?"" 

""But don't ya *see*, captain?!"" he shouted excitedly, holding out the map. *""Ex marks the spot!""*"
"Kids are just like pills" "The smaller they are, the easier they are to take"
"What do you call jail for murderous pastas?" "The state pennetentiary"
"What did John Bobbit say to the Dr. after Lorena hacked his cack?" "“Doc, you’re going to re-member me!”"
"My penis is like modern chargers" "Small and ultrafast."
"What are tortilla chips called in the carribean?" "Bermuda triangles"
"What do you call a group of witches that live in a beach house together?" Sand-witches
"I grew up in a small village..." "...where I pretty much laid all the new roads in the place but was I known as Mikey the road layer?  

No.

I single handedly built three bridges across the river there connecting the two sides of the village for the first time ever.  Was I known as Mikey the bridge builder?

No.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

But you fuck one goat."
"This is business" "Dad: I want you to marry a girl of my choice
Son: No!
Dad: this girl is bill gates daughter
Son: oh ok then
(dad goes to bill gates)
Dad: I want your daughter to marry my son
Bill gates: No!
Dad: my son is CEO of world bank
Bill gates: oh ok then
(Dad goes to the president of world bank)
Dad: appoint my son as CEO
President: No!
Dad: he is the son in law of bill gates
President: oh ok then

Pleasure doing business with you"
"After Hunt for Red October came out, my family moved from Moscow to San Francisco, where I became a fan of the 49ers with Steve Young as Quarterback" "I would have liked to have seen Montana."
"Please only buy crypto during the day…" "Otherwise, it will be your crypto-night"
"My girl has legs that just won't quit." "Damn that Restless Leg Syndrome."
"I walked into a disco, and there were Orcs, Trolls, and Nazgûl doing their best moves." "It was Mordor on the dance floor."
"What do you tell someone who just lost their vehicle?" "“Walk it off”"
"I entered a competition to see whose muscles could whither away the fastest." "The winner got atrophy."
"If you see someone wearing a mask below their nose, don't worry about it." "They're a fucking mouth breather anyway, covering their nose won't add any more protection."
"If you want your dentist to shit in your..." "It’s time for health"
"my uncle's wife just dissapeared? Where did she go??" "answer is in the comments below"
"Did you know that Paul Revere and King George were lovers" "Why do you think he said “The British are cumming!!!”"
"What does Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson say before getting a BJ?" """Rock the Dwayne Johnson"""
"My golf game and early sex life are similar..." "It takes me 17 holes to get better."
"Why are condom packages so big" "To make guys duck feel bigger"
"When I die, I wish to be buried with my record collection..." "It will be my Vinyl resting place"
"A woman wishes to become a nun" "A woman has had enough with society and declares her interest in becoming a nun. 

The priest she's talking to says, ""You're welcome to become a nun but you must take a vow of silence, only speaking two words every five years.""

She agrees and goes on to become an exemplary nun. 

Five years pass and the priest comes up to her and says ""It's been five years, what two words would you like to say?""

She replies ""Cold rooms""

He thanks her and she returns to her work.

The priest visits her five years later and asks again ""It's been five years, what two words would you like to say?""

She says ""Bad food"".

He thanks her and she returns to her work.

The priest visits her five years later and asks again ""It's been five years, what two words would you like to say?""

She says ""I quit.""

The priest replies ""Serves you right, you've done nothing but bitch since you got here!"""
"What app do you use to find a butcher?" Tender
"Why are vegetarians gay?" "To them pussy smells like fish"
"After returning home, the wife said:" """babe,I am pregnant and you're a father now""
Husband: ""really?!""
Wife: ""i am joking,its April fools""
Husband:"" so you are not pregnant ""
Wife: "" I am but you are not the father"""
"What do you call a gangster hangout?" "a g-spot"
"I almost had a threesome with the mosses and my best mate." "Sadly I wasn't invited."
"Vegans can eat my pussy" "It’s vagitarian"
"A plastic surgeon at Johns Hopkins just performed surgery on a child born without eyelids, circumcising him and replaced the missing lids with the harvested tissue." "The boy's new eyelids work almost perfectly and, since they were made from his own tissue, rejection won't be a problem.
When speaking to reporters, though, the surgeon admitted that the boy does look a little cockeyed."
"Why is the average American so stupid?" "Because they keep shooting the ones that go to school..."
"What's common between a skinny woman and a fat man?" "Both refuse to wear bras."
"Things you can say about your computer but not your partner" "I'll start, 
It takes me three tries to plug in my stick"
"I think I might have a memory problem." "I think I might have a memory problem."
"an american history professor decided that he wanted a large mural painted in his home." "he called in a famous artist and explained to him that he wanted him to paint what he thought general Custers last thoughts were during his last stand. he went on holiday and he returned see a mural of a large praying heifer with a halo above its head surrounded by many native americans in erotic sexual positions. the professor calls the artist and asks him ""why the fuck have you painted pornography on my wall!? i wanted your impression of Custers last stand!!"" the artist replies ""that's exactly what i did, i call it holy cow, thats alot of fucking indians""

Note: The caps are a reddit problem."
"Silence is golden..." "Unless you have children...

If that is the case, silence is suspicious."
"Whats the difference between a knife and flat earther?" "A knife has a point"
"What's a great name for an animal shelter but a terrible name for a retirement home?" "Here today, gone tomorrow."
"Did you hear about the Midwestern dairy farmers? Apparently they've begun a new trend of covering their cows' teets with fabric because they felt like their heifers were indecent." "It's Being Called An Udder Shame."
"It's been a year looking for my gf's kiiller" "But nobody wants to do it"
"The speeding Poppe" "The limo driver its coming to pick up the pope from the airport after one of his trip.
 The driver open the door for the Pope to get inside but the pope just waiting.
 After seeing the Pope waiting, he says:
 - Your Holiness, please.
 - You know, son, i havent drive in ages so now i want to drive.
 - Ohh Your Holiness it's impossible.  I would lose my job.
 - Please, my son, begging the Pope and the driver eventually gives up.
 After getting into the highway the Pope start speeding... 100 mph... 150 mph ...200 mph
 - Your Holiness, please, stop it said the scared driver, the police is chasing us, pls pull over.
 The Pope pull over and an officer approach them.
  The pope roll the window down and with a big smile start waving at the officer
 The officer, greets and returns to the police car.
  This is officer Smith badge # 1435. Give me the sarge pls
 - What's the matter?
 - Boss, I don't know what to do.  I caught someone speeding at 200 mph.
 - Give him a ticket and suspend his license said the sarge.
 - Ummmm ... i cant do it sir , cause must be someone important in to the back seat.
 - Who is it, the mayor?
 No, more important.
 ""A governor, a senator?""
 - No sir , i think way more important.
 - Who is it?
 - Not sure but might be the God cause the Pope is his driver."
"Somali films are good" "But they're all pirated"
"What did the sex toy store employee tell the customer that was buying a dildo?" "Thank you for your purchase. Go fuck yourself."
"Somebody threw a jar of mayonnaise at me yesterday" "I was like, “what the Hellman?!”"
"There is a difference between I’m sorry and I apologise..." "Don’t believe me?
Try saying “I apologise” at a funeral"
"Incest isn’t great.." "But it’s relatively fun"
"What’s more formal than a birthday suit? NSFW" "A fuxedo"
"I don’t think I would make a good dad." "Maybe I could make an ok grandparent.  
But I know that I would be a great grandfather, as long as my kid’s kid had a kid."
"Who is Han Solo's favorite rapper?" Tupacca
"Jack is obsessed with tractors" "Jack is a man in his mid-40s who is obsessed with tractors. He loves them so much that he can't stay away from them for more than 10 seconds before feeling the desire to go and see a tractor.

One day he is driving a tractor, and he falls off, and cracks a rib! So he decides that he now hates tractors. Fucking despises them.

10 years pass and he has got rid of all of his tractors because he still hates them with a passion. He is in the bar one day with his friends and they suggest going back to Jack's house, so they all get in a taxi back to Jack's house.

When they arrive they see smoke everywhere in the house! Jack is appalled and so he rushes into his house, opens a window, and takes one deep breath in, breathing in all of the smoke in the house. Leaning out the window, he breathes out all of the smoke, and the house is now clean! 

His friends stared in awe, saying ""How the fuck did you do that?!""

Jack replied, ""Oh, it's nothing. It's because I'm an ex-tractor fan."""
So, "a man wakes up in a dingy slum with no memory of how he got there. He wanders around aimlessly before he finds even one person who will talk to him. Some ratty beggar on the street turns out to be nice enough to explain where he is.

""You're in the afterlife!"" he tells the man, ""But you must have been a real shithead when you were alive, because this is the fourth ring, and only the worst people come here.""

All of a sudden, a siren goes off, one of those air-raid things. The man is terrified but the beggar gets up calmly and leads him to a big, dilapidated warehouse where thousands of other similarly unkempt souls are gathering. When the man asks why they're all here, the beggar points to a line of folding tables against the wall. Each table has some moldy bread, cups of dingy water, and some bowls of broth so thin they could have just run out of cups. Only then does the man realize how hungry he is. A guard in heavy body armor blows a whistle and all the people arrange themselves into three lines.

The beggar is helpful enough to explain them for the man. ""That one's the bread line, that's the broth line, and that's the water line. All the food here is free, but if you want to get out of this maggot hole, you've got to work, because the gate guards into the third ring ask five hundred dollars to get through. I've heard the food is better there.""

So the man gets his food. It's abominable, and right then and there, he vows to make five hundred dollars and get into the third ring. Unfortunately for him, very few people need work in the afterlife, especially when all of them are saving up to emigrate. Even still, after ten years of hard work, eating the moldy bread and indistinguishable soup and water, he finally saves up enough money. The guards let him through and he finds himself in the third ring. It's nothing too fancy, if anything, it's a bit below average for a real city, but to his eyes it is paradise. All the guards look much friendlier, and the houses and buildings, while not spacious or lavish, are at least up to code. And to his surprise, he runs right into a familiar former beggar as he crosses the street.

""What are the odds?"" they both ask and they get to conversing. The beggar, it turns out, only managed to make it in himself a few months back. Their conversation is interrupted, however, by what sounds like a school bell. When the man seems confused, the beggar leads him to what looks like a giant gymnasium. Here, people are gathering once again, and the man begins to understand. On a line of folding tables against one wall are stacks of hot dogs, big bowls of salad, and solo cups full of fresh lemonade. A cop shouts for everyone's attention and directs them all to stand in three lines. The beggar smiles at the man's wonder and points to each line in turn. ""That's the hot dog line, that's the salad line, and that's the lemonade line."" The man gets in each line in turn and gets himself his lunch.

While he's eating, basking in joy at not being stuck with old bread and water, the beggar encourages him, ""The best part is, halfway through the year, they switch from hot dogs, salad, and lemonade to chicken, chili, and hot chocolate. You can never get tired of it!""

Sadly, this proved not to be true. After only a few days, the man did again get tired of the same meal every day. But he knew firsthand that he could change his lot, so one day he went up to the wall of the second circle. This time the guards were asking for ten thousand dollars. Well, the man didn't like it, but he figured he had his whole afterlife ahead of him now that he was out of the fourth circle, and he could certainly take some time to save up. After ten years of hard work, it wasn't too difficult for him to keep up the work ethic, and only twenty years later, he went back to the guards of the second ring with the money in hand. He went through the gate and found himself in a glittering, clean city full of glass and steel.

And wouldn't you know it, but there, standing across the street was the same beggar, only now he was wearing a well-fitted suit. The man greeted the beggar as an old friend and they started talking again. Once again, their conversation was interrupted, only this time it was by beautiful church bells. ""Come,"" the beggar told him, ""I'll take you to the evening meal."" So the man followed and they entered a glamorous ballroom filled with beautiful attendees. Even the cops here looked good, dressed in suits and sunglasses like bodyguards. And sure enough, piled onto platters on huge mahogany tables against the far wall were plates of steak, bowls of the most delicious seafood soups, and glasses of champagne. One of the bodyguards cleared his throat loudly and politely requested that the attendees line up. Three lines were formed and the beggar pointed each line out in turn. ""That's the steak line, that's the soup line, and that's the champagne line,"" and then he added, ""and apparently here, they change the meals FOUR times a year!""

The man rejoiced, ate, and was happy, and for once felt that nothing was lacking. Four changes a year was enough for him. But one day, out of curiosity, he went up to the bodyguards that guarded the gate into the first and final ring of the afterlife and found they were asking for a million dollars to pass. Well the man was a bit disturbed by this, after all, the second ring seemed perfect to him. ""What is it,"" he thought, ""that could possibly be more wonderful than what I have here?"" That question haunted him for weeks until he came to a conclusion. He was used to working hard and he had all of eternity to save up, so he wanted, just once to see what he could possibly be missing in the first ring.

Fifty years later, he returned to the guards with a million dollars. When he stepped into the first ring he fell to his knees. The architecture was glorious and inhuman, and the bodyguard had turned into shining angels. To his surprise, someone helped him up off the street and when he looked, he realized he recognized who it was--it was the beggar he met in the fourth ring, adorned in a golden robe and glowing, and when he looked down at himself he realized he looked much the same.

The beggar laughed jovially. ""I got here only three years ago myself, but somehow I knew you would be right here behind me. I've come back to this gate every day waiting for you to make it in!"" Suddenly, the air was filled with the sound of angelic choirs and the beggar led the man off to a gigantic palace made of crystal and cloud. The room was filled with radiant citizens of the first circle and angels prepared everything. Sure enough, there was a line of massive altars against one wall, spilling over with glistening golden dragon meat, a pudding refined from clouds and dew and silk, and an ice cold tub of ambrosia and nectar ladled out individually into blindingly beautiful crystalline chalices. An angel fluttered from the ceiling and bowed silently to the assembled mass, who bowed respectfully back and then broke themselves into their lines on their own.

Smiling at the tradition, the beggar pointed to the first line. ""That's the line for the dragon meat,"" he said before turning to the next line, ""and that's the line for angeldust stew,"" then he paused, confused.

""What is it?"" the man asked his old friend.

The beggar replied, ""There appears to be no punchline."""
"When I went to school there was a boy in our class and everyone called him June." "His name was Enda May."
"So a little boy runs to his dad and says:" """Daddy daddy guess how old I am?!?! I'm six!!!""

The dad says, in an annoyed tone ""That's great. Why don't you go play somewhere else.""

The little boy then runs into the kitchen where his grandfather is sitting at the table. ""Grandpa Grandpa guess how old I am?"" The grandpa gets a thoughtful look on his face, then puts his hand down the little boy's pants and feels around a bit, and then says ""hmmm, you're six!""

The little boy gets a shocked look on his face, and asks ""Grandpa! How on earth did you figure that out?""

The grandpa shrugs and says in a matter-of-fact tone ""I heard you talking to your dad."""
"Trying to read multiple versions of The Bible at the same time is really difficult." "You have to do a lot of...cross referencing."
"A blonde walks into a dry cleaners and tells the woman at the counter, ""I need to have an outfit washed.""" " The clerk was busy and slightly distracted, so she looked up from her work and said, ""Come again?""  


The blonde said, ""No, it's toothpaste this time."""
"What do you call a Mob Boss under the sea?" "The Codfather.


I’ll see myself out."
"Moses, Jesus and the Old Man" "One day, Moses, Jesus and a old man were playing golf.  They got to a water hole, and Moses was up to tee off first.  So, he took his shot, and it landed squarely in the water.  But Moses parted the water, took another shot, and landed next to the cup.
   Jesus was up next, and his shot ended up close to the same place.  But Jesus walked out onto the water, and took anouther shot.  He landed even closer to the cup.

    The old man stepped up, and took his shot.  He also landed in almost the same spot, in the middle of the water. But a frog came by, and picked up the ball.  It started to hop away when an eagle came swooping down on it, carrying it over the green.  As it flew over, the frog dropped the ball.  The ball then rolled into the hole for a perfect hole in one. 
  
 Moses then turns to Jesus and says, ""I hate playing golf with your father."""
"A priest and an atheist are playing golf." "The priest is okay, but the atheist is shit. He keeps missing his shots. Every time he misses a shot, he says ‘Damn, missed!’ The priest got more and more agitated at the use of the word ‘damn’, and eventually snapped. He said, ‘Do not use that word or God himself will strike you down!’ There’s an immediate ruble from the sky, and a bolt of lighting shoots down and vaporizes the priest into ash. A booming voice rings out across the golf course, striking fear into the golfers, and says:

‘Damn, missed!’"
"A serial killer walks into a bar and says." """I'll have a Bloody Mary"""
"I just saw an ad that had Demi Lovato listed as a ""Mental Health Advocate""" Lmfao
"What kind of fruit will never get married?" Cantelouope
"Gordon Ramsey was studying for an essay in animal husbandry when he came across a problem..." "On the university webpage the links to study each animal were listed.

He clicked on the cow link and studied cows.

He clicked on the pig link and studied pigs.

He clicked on the chicken link and studied chickens.

However, when it got to studying the lambs, only the name was visible. No link.

Running short on time, he called up his professor immediately, who answered slightly bewildered: ""What's the matter?""

""Where's the lamb source?!?"""
"A Man wakes up in a dingy slum" " 

A man wakes up in a dingy slum with no memory of how he got there. He wanders around aimlessly before he finds even one person who will talk to him. Some ratty beggar on the street turns out to be nice enough to explain where he is.

""You're in the afterlife!"" he tells the man, ""But you must have been a real shithead when you were alive, because this is the fourth ring, and only the worst people come here.""

All of a sudden, a siren goes off, one of those air-raid things. The man is terrified but the beggar gets up calmly and leads him to a big, dilapidated warehouse where thousands of other similarly unkempt souls are gathering. When the man asks why they're all here, the beggar points to a line of folding tables against the wall. Each table has some moldy bread, cups of dingy water, and some bowls of broth so thin they could have just run out of cups. Only then does the man realize how hungry he is. A guard in heavy body armor blows a whistle and all the people arrange themselves into three lines.

The beggar is helpful enough to explain them for the man. ""That one's the bread line, that's the broth line, and that's the water line. All the food here is free, but if you want to get out of this maggot hole, you've got to work, because the gate guards into the third ring ask five hundred dollars to get through. I've heard the food is better there.""

So the man gets his food. It's abominable, and right then and there, he vows to make five hundred dollars and get into the third ring. Unfortunately for him, very few people need work in the afterlife, especially when all of them are saving up to emigrate. Even still, after ten years of hard work, eating the moldy bread and indistinguishable soup and water, he finally saves up enough money. The guards let him through and he finds himself in the third ring. It's nothing too fancy, if anything, it's a bit below average for a real city, but to his eyes it is paradise. All the guards look much friendlier, and the houses and buildings, while not spacious or lavish, are at least up to code. And to his surprise, he runs right into a familiar former beggar as he crosses the street.

""What are the odds?"" they both ask and they get to conversing. The beggar, it turns out, only managed to make it in himself a few months back. Their conversation is interrupted, however, by what sounds like a school bell. When the man seems confused, the beggar leads him to what looks like a giant gymnasium. Here, people are gathering once again, and the man begins to understand. On a line of folding tables against one wall are stacks of hot dogs, big bowls of salad, and solo cups full of fresh lemonade. A cop shouts for everyone's attention and directs them all to stand in three lines. The beggar smiles at the man's wonder and points to each line in turn. ""That's the hot dog line, that's the salad line, and that's the lemonade line."" The man gets in each line in turn and gets himself his lunch.

While he's eating, basking in joy at not being stuck with old bread and water, the beggar encourages him, ""The best part is, halfway through the year, they switch from hot dogs, salad, and lemonade to chicken, chili, and hot chocolate. You can never get tired of it!""

Sadly, this proved not to be true. After only a few days, the man did again get tired of the same meal every day. But he knew firsthand that he could change his lot, so one day he went up to the wall of the second circle. This time the guards were asking for ten thousand dollars. Well, the man didn't like it, but he figured he had his whole afterlife ahead of him now that he was out of the fourth circle, and he could certainly take some time to save up. After ten years of hard work, it wasn't too difficult for him to keep up the work ethic, and only twenty years later, he went back to the guards of the second ring with the money in hand. He went through the gate and found himself in a glittering, clean city full of glass and steel.

And wouldn't you know it, but there, standing across the street was the same beggar, only now he was wearing a well-fitted suit. The man greeted the beggar as an old friend and they started talking again. Once again, their conversation was interrupted, only this time it was by beautiful church bells. ""Come,"" the beggar told him, ""I'll take you to the evening meal."" So the man followed and they entered a glamorous ballroom filled with beautiful attendees. Even the cops here looked good, dressed in suits and sunglasses like bodyguards. And sure enough, piled onto platters on huge mahogany tables against the far wall were plates of steak, bowls of the most delicious seafood soups, and glasses of champagne. One of the bodyguards cleared his throat loudly and politely requested that the attendees line up. Three lines were formed and the beggar pointed each line out in turn. ""That's the steak line, that's the soup line, and that's the champagne line,"" and then he added, ""and apparently here, they change the meals FOUR times a year!""

The man rejoiced, ate, and was happy, and for once felt that nothing was lacking. Four changes a year was enough for him. But one day, out of curiosity, he went up to the bodyguards that guarded the gate into the first and final ring of the afterlife and found they were asking for a million dollars to pass. Well the man was a bit disturbed by this, after all, the second ring seemed perfect to him. ""What is it,"" he thought, ""that could possibly be more wonderful than what I have here?"" That question haunted him for weeks until he came to a conclusion. He was used to working hard and he had all of eternity to save up, so he wanted, just once to see what he could possibly be missing in the first ring.

Fifty years later, he returned to the guards with a million dollars. When he stepped into the first ring he fell to his knees. The architecture was glorious and inhuman, and the bodyguard had turned into shining angels. To his surprise, someone helped him up off the street and when he looked, he realized he recognized who it was--it was the beggar he met in the fourth ring, adorned in a golden robe and glowing, and when he looked down at himself he realized he looked much the same.

The beggar laughed jovially. ""I got here only three years ago myself, but somehow I knew you would be right here behind me. I've come back to this gate every day waiting for you to make it in!"" Suddenly, the air was filled with the sound of angelic choirs and the beggar led the man off to a gigantic palace made of crystal and cloud. The room was filled with radiant citizens of the first circle and angels prepared everything. Sure enough, there was a line of massive altars against one wall, spilling over with glistening golden dragon meat, a pudding refined from clouds and dew and silk, and an ice cold tub of ambrosia and nectar ladled out individually into blindingly beautiful crystalline chalices. An angel fluttered from the ceiling and bowed silently to the assembled mass, who bowed respectfully back and then broke themselves into their lines on their own.

Smiling at the tradition, the beggar pointed to the first line. ""That's the line for the dragon meat,"" he said before turning to the next line, ""and that's the line for angeldust stew,"" then he paused, confused.

""What is it?"" the man asked his old friend.

The beggar replied, ""There appears to be no punchline."""
"Dave decides he's had it with society, and buys some land in the middle of nowhere in Canada......" ".... he builds himself an awesome log house, gets a great garden going, and is basically self-sustaining.    
After several years, he hears a knock on his door.   
With hesitation, he opens the door to find a big ol' Grizzly Adams-looking dude standing there.   
""Howdy neighbor!"" he says. ""I'm Frank. I live about 60 miles up the road from you. I thought I'd introduce myself and invite you to a party I'm gonna have tonight.""   
""Well, Frank"" Dave replies, ""It's a pleasure to meet you! I haven't been around any people for a long time!""   
""Just gotta warn you though"" says Frank. ""They's gonna be a lotta drankin' goin' on.""  
""Well, that's cool"" says Dave. ""I've gotta decent tolerance.""  
""Fightin'!"" says Frank. ""Gonna be some serious fightin' goin' on too!""   
""Um, okay"" Dave replies. ""I guess I'll just do my best to stay out of the way.""  
""SEX!"" Frank says. ""Everywhere! Wild crazy sex all over the place!""    
Dave says ""well, okay! Count me in! I haven't had sex for years! Yeah, I'll be there!"" he says, ""Anything you need me to bring?""   
""Naw,"" says Frank, ""don't matter much. Just gonna be you and me."""
"Why are are past sex offenders banned from playing mini golf." "Because they get too many hole in ones!

Jeez thats a bad one XD"
"The first time I saw my dad's penis..." "I said  


""Dad stop texting me stuff like this"""
"Quitting drinking's been a lot easier ever since I became friends with the Antichrist" "Turns out drinking's a lot less fun when someone turns all your wine into water..."
"I hope they never find life on another planet." "Because sure as hell our government will start sending them money!"
"A psychiatrist is conducting a group therapy session with four young mothers and their kids." "“You all have obsessions,” he observes. 

“You,” he says to the first mother, “you're obsessed with eating. You've even named your daughter Candy.” 

He turns to the second mum, “Your obsession is money. It shows in your child's name, Penny”. 

He goes to the third mother, “Your obsession is alcohol. This too shows in your child's name, Brandy”. 

The fourth mother quietly gets up and whispers to her boy, “Come on Dick, this guy has no idea what he's talking about. Let's pick Willy up from school”."
"What's worse than an UberEats palaver?" "A Grubhub hubbub"
"I may have some stereotypically Jewish quirks, but I'm not nearly as bad as my grandpa was." "He would just wear it on his sleeve."
"The sailor and the pirate" "One day, a sailor met a pirate. The pirate has a peg leg, a hook, and an eyepatch. The sailor asked the pirate, “How did you get your peg leg?” The pirate replied, “Aargh, a whale bit me leg off.” Next, the sailor asked, “How did you get your hook?” The pirate replied, “Me crew was in a battle with an enemy ship when me arm was chopped off.” Finally, “the sailor asked, “How did you get your eyepatch?” The pirate said, “Aye, a seagull pooped in me eye.”
The sailor asked, “You lost your eye to bird poop?” The pirate replied, “It was me first day with the hook.
(Sorry if the formatting is bad, I’m on mobile)"
"My dad called me a motherfucker" "Maybe my new mullet haircut betrayed me.."
"Two rednecks watching a dog lick its balls..." "The first redneck says, ""I wish I could do that."" The second redneck says, ""I reckon that dog would bite you."""
"FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Help! is there a doctor on board?" "DOCTOR: *rushing forward* Yes, I'm a doctor. 

FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Oh thank god, this man is choking on an apple. 

DOCTOR: *backing away* Oh no no no no no."
"Three contractors bid to fix a fence at 10 Downing Street..." "Three contractors are bidding to fix a broken fence at 10 Downing Street. One is from up North another is from Poland, and the third is a Tory Party Donor. All three go with a Tory Party official to examine the fence.

The contractor from up north takes out a tape measure and does some measuring, then works some figures with a pencil. ""Well,"" he says, ""I figure the job will run about £9000. £4000 for materials, £4000 for my crew, and £1000 profit for me.""

The Polish contractor also does some measuring and figuring, then says, ""I can do this job for £7000. £3000 for materials, £3000 for my crew, and £1000 profit for me.""

The Tory party donor doesn't measure or figure, but leans over to the Tory Party official and whispers, ""£27,000.""

The official, incredulous, says, ""You didn't even measure like the other guys! How did you come up with such a high figure?""

The Tory Donor whispers back, ""£10,000 for me, £10,000 for you, and we hire the guy from Poland to fix the fence.""

""Done!"" replies the Tory party official. 

And that, my friends, is how the Tory Party works these days."
"Always hit women with your left hand" "Because they don’t deserve rights"
"What do you call a Mexican crossed with an octopus?" "I don't know, but you oughta see that thing pick lettuce."
"Is it a bird? Is it a plane?" "Well whatever it is it's headed straight towards the twin towers"
"Hitler died in 1945, Donald Trump was born in 1946..." "Coincidence? No.                                                                            
Mystery? Maybe.                                                                            
Hotel? Trivago."
"My dad calls me a motherfucker" "Maybe my new mullet haircut betrayed me."
"Gay guys in a Bar" "How do you get 4 Gay guys on one Barstool?

Turn it over"
"If you were stuck on an island, what’re 3 items you’d bring? (Everything’s allowed)" "I’d bring Micheal Phelps, a saddle and a golden whip. What’d you bring?"
"A smart cop, a dumb cop and cinderella walk down the street and see a dropped coin on the ground. Who picks it up?" "The dumb cop; because Cinderella and a smart cop exist only in stories."
"Microsoft had the Holo-lens, Google had Google Glass.." "Apple missed the opportunity to create augmented reality glasses and call them iBrowse"
"( this is an actual joke ) Why is sand so rich?" "Because they have so many banks"
"My Favorite Chinese Proverb: “If you hear a dog bark..." "
It is not cooked long enough.”"
"How do you wake up Lady Ga Ga" "Poke her face"
"How to become rich" "Marry rich"
"An artist, an engineer, and a scientist walk into a bar." "Thee barkeep says ""What'll it be, Leonardo?"""
"My husband got into a fight at the club, he’s on the way to the ER and I’m in handcuffs..?" "Luckily, I was close enough to pull out my gun and fire. Why am I in cuffs..?"
"An Englishman, Frenchman, American and Mexican are on a plane…" "Plane starts going down and the pilot yells “we need to cast off weight to make a landing but there is only one parachute!”

So the Brit decides to be valiant and be the first to jump. “God save the Queen!” and he jumps out.

The Frenchman follows suit: “Vive le France!” and out he goes.

The American wastes no time: “To liberty!” and throws out the Mexican.



^ Super old and not original, sorry if it’s been posted a million times! Also probably more apt prior to this January"
"My dad always says not to crank the car radio too high or I'll go deaf. Imagine if that happened." "I would never hear the end of it."
"What do you call two female scientist working on the International Space Station?" "The dual slit experiment.



Ba-dum-tss"
"Guy goes to the bar at the airport before his plane departs when a beautiful young woman sits at the bar beside him.." "She is wearing a uniform and he reckons she's obviously an air steward.. He nods at her and says the Qantas slogan ""you're the reason we fly"" and winks at her.. She ignores him ... ""hmm, not Qantas"" he thinks, so he tries ""Fly the friendly skies""? .. no reaction ""OK, it's not United Airlines either"" so he tries Delta airlines ""Keep climbing"" he smiles to her.... Eventually she turns to him and says ""What the fuck do you want""? .. ""ah"" he says, ""Ryanair"""
"What do you call a stoned Canadian before the weekend?" "Fried, eh?"
"Do you want to hear my Batman impression?" "- Sure
- ""Oh no, Kryptonite!""
- That's superman
- Thanks man, I've been practicing a lot"
"A giraffe walks into a bar" "Giraffes aren’t good at playing limbo"
"What do you call it when a lizard loses its tail and it doesn’t grow back?" "A-reptile dysfunction"
"What's worse than laughing alone at your own joke?" "Hearing another laugh when you were trying out the joke alone."
"Its 10 pm. Eating my dinner alone. I look around. Noone near. I fart." "Fart smells like mint.
Now i am laughing at my own fart."
"How does Gordon Ramsay discern a leopard from a jaguar?" "ITS FUCKING ROAR!"
"The Pope, the Dalai Lama, and Gigachad are out on a lake when their boat starts to sink." "The Dalai Lama and Gigachad get out of the boat and walk across the surface of the lake, back to shore.

""Hmm,"" thinks the Pope. ""If a Buddhist and an internet meme can walk on water, then I definitely can, too."" So he steps out of the boat...and sinks.

The Dalai Lama and Gigachad are watching from the shore. The Dalai Lama says to Gigachad, ""You know, I think we should have told him about the stepping stones.""

""Wait,"" replies Gigachad, ""there were stepping stones?"""
"Did you hear about the new Christian wine?" "We're being persecuted."
"I met Bruce Lee's vegan brother today." "His name is Brocko Lee."
"Two cowboys are stranded in the desert..." "One cowboy sees a tree covered in bacon in the distance. He gets all excited and runs towards the bacon tree... As he reaches the bacon tree he gets shot to death. It turns out it wasn't a bacon tree... It was a hambush"
"My wife asked me what time my dentist appointment is" "“Tooth hurty”"
"How do you know it's a jewish calculator?" "It rounds everything up to 6 million."
"Is 'The Vampire Diaries' even a good show?" "I heard the Characters suck a lot"
"Guy : Doctor, my Girlfriend is pregnant but we always use protection and the rubber never broke. How is it possible?" "Doctor : Let me tell you a story: ""There was once a Hunter who always carried a gun wherever he went. One day he took out his Umbrella instead of his Gun and went out. A Lion suddenly jumped in front of him. In order to scare the Lion, the Hunter used the Umbrella like a Gun, and shot the Lion, then it died!

Guy : Wait! I feel like I have heard this before...

Doctor : Good! You understood the how this sub works. see you again tomorrow.."
"2 crips" "2 crisps : 
Two crisps are walking down the road when a car pulls up alongside and the driver leans out and says ""Do you fancy a lift?"". The crisps reply, ""No thanks we're Walkers""."
"Bear attack" "Bear Attack : 
Two guys are in the woods camping out when a bear attacks them. While the bear sniffs around the food, the first guy starts lacing up his sneakers.
The second guys goes, ""Are you crazy? You can't outrun a bear!""
The first guy replies, ""I dont need to; I only have to outrun you."""
"Found my wife’s profile on Tinder" "Says:Premature Ejaculators Ok."
"Fastest thing in the Universe" "Three scientists were discussing what was the fastest thing in the universe.

""Light! Light is the fastest thing in the Universe. You turn the light switch and light comes instantly!"", said the first one.

""No, you are wrong"", said the second one. ""Thought is fastest. You think and it's there, in your mind, right away!""

The third one laughed hard: ""Are you nuts? Diarrhea is the fastest thing in the Universe!""

The other two couldn't believe what they've just heard: ""Diarrhea???"", they both said at the same time.

""Yes, diarrhea. When it hits you, you don't even have time to think or turn the lights on!"""
"What gender would Michael Jackson have identified as?" He/He
"A man is playing chess with a horse in the park." "A man is playing chess with a horse in the park.

A passer-by stops and watches them amazed. After a while ha says to the man: ""Wow, your horse is playing chess? It must be really smart.""

The man replies: ""You call it smart? He hasn't won for like twelve games straight."""
"When I was 18, my father bought me a new bed." " I asked him why he bought me a bed with a racecar duvet cover? I mean, I am not a little kid anymore. He went to me and said: ""It is so you can take your girlfriend for the ride of her life"""
"When I was 17, my father bought me a new bed" "I asked him why he bought me a bed with a racecar duvet cover? I mean, I am not a little kid anymore.

He went to me and said: ""It is so you can take her for the ride of her life"""
"A funny thing I noticed about the word “therapist”" "it is a fusion of the phrase “the rapist”

that is a bit of a yikes 😬"
"Just the punchline" "r/jokes is full of good humor … and a lot of reposts.  This thread is for redditors to post the punchlines of their favorite jokes, and others can put in the  jokes, otherwise comment, or just say 42 or whatever.  

Go!"
"A = b B = c A = c :" "A = b B = c A = c : 
a = b, b = c, a = c.

Math Teacher: If a = b and b = c then a = c. Now give me the practical example of this principle from real life.

Student: I love you, sir, and you love your daughter, which means I love your daughter."
"Community is the best sitcom" "Chang my mind"
"Did you hear about the new movie from Bollywood?" " It's called,"" COVID-19: THE DEATH OF INDIA!""

 (cough, cough, shallow inhale) "" I can handle breath. Why does my government hate me?"""
"Carlos: Can I be frank with you?" "Me: Sure.
Frank: Thanks."
"Two windmills are standing on a wind farm." "

One asks, “What’s your favorite type of music?” The other says, “I’m a big metal fan.”"
"An Englishman, a Frenchman, a Spaniard and a German.." " ..are all standing watching street perfomer do some excellent juggling. The juggler notices that the four gentleman have a very poor view, so he stands up on a large wooden box and calls out, ""Can you all see me now?""

""Yes,""
""Oui,""
""Si,""
""Ja."""
"What do young kids have but adults don't?" "A future.... 


My 9 year old heard this off of Henry Danger. Got her dad and I good today."
"The dean of women at an exclusive girl’s college was lecturing her students on Sexual morality......" " “In moments of temptation,” said the speaker to the class, “ask yourself just one question: Is an hour of pleasure worth a lifetime of shame?”

&amp;#x200B;

A sweet young thing in the back of the room rose to ask: “How do you make it last an hour?”"
"A guy walks with a young boy into the woods." "The boy turns to him and says, ""Hey mister, it's getting really dark and I'm scared.""

The man replies, ""How do you think I feel? I have to walk back alone."""
"Guys, I used to date a stripper, and let me tell you something..." "this lady could get the paint off your walls in no time"
"A man was walking through the woods, when he ran into a little girl crying in a bench." """What happened?"" he asked. 

""My dog fell into the lake,"" she cried. ""... and since he can't swim my dad went in to get him out, and they both drowned!"" 

The man sighed and pulled down his pants. ""Well, I guess today's not your day. """
"Masochist to the sadist: ""Come on, torture me.""" "Sadist: ""No."""
"A young Mexican man named Jose was curious about America so he snuck across the border." "He wanted to go see a baseball game so when he went home, he could tell his family all about it. When he got there, the game was sold out, so he decided to climb to the top of a flag pole to get a better look. When he returned home, his family was anxious to hear about his experience:

""What happened?"" asked his family.

""Well, America is the nicest place in the world!!"" he said. ""Before the game started, all the people in the stands and all the players stood up, looked at me and said, ""Jose, can you see?"""
"What do The Titanic and The Sixth Sense have in comon?" "Icy dead people."
"A man receives a message from a neighbor..." """Sorry, sir I am using your wife day and night. Usually, when you are not present at home. In fact, much more than you do. I confess this now because I am feeling very guilty. Hope you will accept my sincere apologies.""

The man is down with a heart attack and admitted to the hospital.

The next day he receives another message
""Sorry sir for spelling mistake, it's not a wife but wifi""."
"My friend was frozen to absolute zero." "Fortunately, he was 0K.




P.S. This is NOT mine."
"A businessman was going on a long business trip. He knew his wife was a flirtatious sort, so he thought he'd try to get her something to keep her occupied while he was gone." "So he went to a sex shop and started looking around. He goes up to the clerk and explains his situation. The old man said, ""Well, I don't really know of anything that will do the trick. We have vibrating dildos, strap ons, eggs, bullets, wing-wangers and fling-flongers..."" 

The Businessman interrupts, ""None of those will do, I need the most top-of-the-line stuff you have! Isn't there something special, maybe in the back?""  

""But I don't know of anything that will keep her occupied for weeks, except...."" and he stopped. ""Except what?"" the man asked. ""Nothing, nothing."" ""C'mon, tell me! I need something!"" ""Well, sir, I don't usually mention this, but there is the 'voodoo dick.'"" ""So what's up with this voodoo dick?"" he asked.  

The old man nods, goes in the back for a minute, and comes back with an old wooden box carved with strange symbols. He opened it and there lay a very ordinary-looking dildo.  

The businessman laughed, and said ""Big deal. It looks like every other dildo in this shop!""  

The old man replied, ""But you haven't seen what it'll do yet."" He pointed to a door and said ""Voodoo Dick, the door!""  

The voodoo dick rose out of its box, darted over to the door, and started screwing the keyhole. The whole door shook with the vibrations, and a crack developed down the middle.  

Before the door could split, the old man said ""Voodoo dick, get back in your box!""  The voodoo dick stopped, floated back to the box and lay there quiescent once more.  

""I'll take it!"" said the businessman, awestruck with what he has seen.  

The old man resisted, saying it wasn't for sale, but he finally surrendered to $1500 in cash.  

The guy took it home to his wife, told her it was a special dildo and that to use it, all she had to do was say ""Voodoo dick, my pussy."" He left for his trip satisfied that things would be fine while he was gone.  

After he'd been gone a few days, the wife was unbearably horny. She thought of several people who would willingly satisfy her, but then she remembered the voodoo dick. She got it out, and said ""Voodoo dick, my pussy!"" The voodoo dick got to work. It was great, like nothing she'd ever experienced before.  

After three orgasms, she decided she'd had enough, and tried to pull it out, but it was stuck in her, still thrusting. She tried and tried to get it out, but nothing worked.  

Her husband had forgotten to tell her how to shut it off. So she decided to go to the hospital to see if they could help. She put her clothes on, got in the car and started to drive to the hospital, quivering with every thrust of the dildo. 

On the way, another orgasm nearly made her swerve off the road, and she was pulled over by a policeman. He asked for her license, and then asked how much she'd had to drink. Gasping and twitching, she explained that she hadn't been drinking, but that a voodoo dick was stuck in her pussy, and wouldn't stop screwing.  

The officer looked at her for a second, and then said ""Yeah, right.. Voodoo dick, my ass!"""
"Car made out of spaghetti" "
I told my neibourgh I had made a car out of spaghetti  she said don't be rediculous, well she got a shock next day when I drove pasta"
"Long Lines" "There was a man who wanted to ask a girl out at her work for Valentine‘s Day, she worked at a fast food restaurant and he waited in line, and waited and waited until he was first in line and asked her out. She said yes and he was so happy. They were going to dinner later today so he had some things to do. He first wanted to go get some flowers, but he was late to the rush and had to wait in line for the flowers, he waited and waited and waited and finally he got some nice flowers for her. Then he went to get his suit dry cleaned, but many other people where doing the same thing so he had to wait in line and waited and watied and finally dropped his suit off. He then went to rent a nice car, he waited in line and waited and waited and waited and finally rented a car. Then he went to pick her up and waited  and waited and waited and waited and finally she got out of work and they went to the restaurant, but they forgot to make reservations and they had to wait in line and wait and wait and wait and finally they got a table. There was a buffet and the guy went to get food for them he waited in line an waited and waited and waited. Then the girl asked for some punch, so he went over to the punch bowl and there was no punch line."
"What's the name of the X-rated photography site for fisherman?" OnlyFins.
"Cat and Dog Food" "A man goes into an all purpose store for some dog food. The clerk asks if the man has a dog, the man says yes. The clerk is skeptical and asks if the guy brought his dog, the man says no so the clerk refuses him service. The man is annoyed but not too angry.  The next day the man goes back to the store, this time for cat food. He came in and asked the clerk for the cat food, which was behind the counter. The clerk remembers this guy and asks if he brought his cat, the man says no and the clerk refuses service. Now the man is very annoyed, he hatched a plan. The next day he came pack with a brown paper bag. He goes up to the clerk and asks the clerk to put his hand in the bag. The clerk puts his hand in and feels around, he feels something mushy and a bit warm. Then the man looks the clerk in the eye and asks, now can I have some toilet paper?"
"What did the dyslexic agnostic insomniac do at night?" "He lies awake wondering if there's a dog."
"[Meta]anyone know where I can find dark/morbid jokes that aren't r/dark jokes?" "The mods there are ridiculous. The hoops and shit you have to jump though just to post a comment are ridiculous"
"What's the difference between an accountant and a porn star?" "An accountant usually has a father figure"
"What did they call a woman's menstrual cycle in Victorian times?" "A period drama."
"Sixth grade" "During my three years in sixth grade I learned lots of things, some new, most not. "
"Two blondes fall into a well" "Two blondes fall into a well and the first one says it sure is dark in here. The second one replies I don't know, I can't see"
"What do you get...." "What do you get when you cross a bird with a lawnmower?.... shredded tweet!"
"Why isn't Skrillex invited fishing?" "Because he keeps dropping the bass."
"Why did the ATM stop dispensing 20 dollar bills?" "Because it was fucking broke."
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" "Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the idiots house! 
Knock knock 
Who’s there? 
The chicken!"
"My friend has been trying to make it as a private investigator for years, with no luck." "You see, he didn't have a clue."
"You should never be a name dropper - it’s not a nice quality..." "You know who told me that? Ryan Reynolds."
"Don't listen to Michael Jackson if you're trying to quit porn....." "He will tell you JUST BEAT IT! JUST BEAT IT! BEAT IT BEAT IT."
"I hate the Virginia airport" "Yes I’m anti-VAX"
"How do you call an avocado with a tie?" Advocado
"My doctor told me I have Prostate Cancer" "I laughed at him. 

“Clearly you don’t understand. I’m an anarchist.”"
"Told my boss I had to stay home today because I have Anal-glaucoma" "I can't see my ass coming into work today."
"After a long hard day I walked into Starbucks and asked for a regular latte to go. The barista replied venti?" "I cried MY BOSS IS A USELESS PIECE OF SHIT WHO DOESN’T LISTEN TO HER WORKERS AND ALWAYS KNOCKS THEM DOWN EVEN THOUGH THEY HAVE GOOD IDEAS THAT WOULD IMPROVE PRODUCTIVITY ALSO A NEIGHBOURS DOG SHAT ON THE PAVEMENT OUTSIDE MY HOUSE EARLIER MY TODLER STEPPED IN IT AND TROD IT INTO THE HOUSE IM WORKING MY ARSE OFF WHILE MY HUSBAND JUST PLAYS XBOX AND ALL I WANT IS A COFFEE.

Barista: grande? 

Me: no it’s fucking not."
Apology. "I would like to apologize to anyone I have not yet Offended.


Please be patient I will get to you shortly."
"A father has something to confess to his daughter" "Dad: Daughter i need to tell you something
Daughter: yeah dad, what's up?
Dad: you were adopted
Daughter: OMG, no way, then i want to meet my biological parents!
Dad: Oh yeah, don't worry, that's us! and you already know us, your new parents are coming to pick you up tomorrow."
"An RCMP officer stopped at Sandy Bay First Nations and talked to an elderly Indigenous gentleman standing on the road." "He told the old man, ""I need to inspect this land for illegally grown drugs.""

""Okay,"" the elder said reluctantly, ""but don't go into that field over there..."", as he pointed to the location. The officer verbally exploded &amp; said, ""look mister, I have the authority of the federal government with me!""

Reaching into his rear back pocket, the arrogant officer removed his badge &amp; proudly displayed it to the elder.

""See this fucking badge?"" he screamed angrily. ""This badge means I can go wherever I want, whenever I want, on any land! No questions asked, no answers given! Do you understand old man?""

The elder nodded kindly, apologized &amp; went about his business. Moments later he heard loud fearful screams. He looked up &amp; saw the officer running for his life, being chased by an angry bison. With every step the bison was gaining ground on the officer &amp; it was likely that he'd sure enough get gored before he reached safety. The officer was clearly terrified.

The elder ran to the fence and shouted at him, ""YOUR BADGE! SHOW HIM YOUR FUCKING BADGE!"""
"some one goes to coffee so he turned to goes to tea" "some one goes to coffee so he turned to goes to tea"
"A man got arrested for having drugs in his pocket." """Officer,"" he said, ""I can explain.""

-How? -the officer replied.

""Every time I throw those drugs in the toilet, they magicaly reappear in my pocket.""

-Don't lie to me. -says the officer.

""Let me show you then.""

So the officer allows him to show it. A man takes out drugs, throw it in the toilet and fushes the water.

-Let me see your pocket now. -says the officer.

""My pockets?""

-Yes, to see those drugs.

""What drugs?"""
"A German family walks into a bar" "The bartender says, ""We can't serve your kind here."""
"Where are all your mothers jokes?" Aborted
"What did the hacker say in the Sex Ed class?" Hymen.
"What happens when a Jew walks into a wall with a full erection?" "He breaks his nose."
"What will mark hamil's daughter have until she gets married?" "A hamil toe"
"Let's play strip poker." "You can strip, and I'll poke you
."
"I saw this jerk donkey’s anus the other day" "An asshole ass’ whole ass hole"
"Did you hear about the professional wrestler who had to quarantine?" "He couldn't smell what the rock was cooking."
"Sorry if this style of joke has been done" "Its Saturday, the day for the bois.

""Let's go to the mountain roads tonight and race!,"" friend one said.

""Nah, just got dumped a week ago, I wanna drink it away,"" friend two said.

""You 2 idiots, we can just race to the bar,"" friend 3 said.


Its 12 and we meet at the bar, walk in, take a seat next to the performance. Today a lady was singing. Her voice was a gift from God, but her body was mad by angels, I couldn't take my eyes away. She notices and after the performance she comes towards to me. And sits on me, starting to grind on me.

""You know how I find perverts like you?,"" she asked.

""No, not really,"" I said.









I do it by using the NSFW tag.



Yall horny mfs."
"A math teacher found his girlfriend cheating on him" "He finally found his x"
"What did the male porn star say when he bumped into the fluffer backstage" "Harden me"
"Two guys in the old west are walking around and come across a big hole." "Out in the old west, two guys are out for a walk when they come across a big hole in the ground. The hole is 20 feet across, and they can't see the bottom. To figure out how deep the hole is, they decide to throw some pebbles and listen for when they hit the bottom.
They listened and listened, for about 30 seconds but heard nothing. So they grabbed some bigger rocks and eventually a boulder. But no matter what they dropped in the hole they couldn't hear anything to suggest how deep it was.

""Hey, I saw an old train car down by the tracks, just abandoned in the bushes"" said one of the men. ""Think we can push it over here? That'll certainly make enough noise that we can finally tell how deep this hole is."" 

So they walked about 1/4 mile back, uncovered the old train car, and used all their strength rolling it back to the hole. When they finally got there, they pushed the train car into the hole, and it dropped away. But to their surprise, there was still no noise. 

As they thought about what to do next, they heard a noise and turned around to see a horse, running at them in full sprint, faster than any horse they'd ever seen before. Just as the horse was about to knock them over, they dove in opposite directions to avoid being run over. Both men looked up just in time to see the horse dive head-first into the hole and disappear completely (still no noise from the bottom). Astonished, the men began discussing possibilities. Is it supernatural? Is it bottomless? 

Then they were interrupted by a cowboy stepping out of the brush. ""What're you fellas doin?"" he inquired. The men explained how they'd been out walking in the area, enjoying the day, then they found this hole.

""Wow, cool!"" said the cowboy. ""Did you happen yo meet my horse while you were out walking around? You'd love him!""

Nervously, the guys try to explain they'd just seen: a horse had just run full speed and dove into the magic hole, which seems to be bottomless.... ""Really hope that wasn't your horse, sir,"" one said.

""Naw couldn't have been my horse,"" said the cowboy ""I have him tied to an old railway car about 1/4 mile back."""
"Dark Jokes are like Bed for Covid Patient in India" "Sadly not every gets it."
"I have a fetish for posting on Reddit." "I came here to say that."
"This morning someone left a message on our community bulletin board." "It read: “Hi we’re in 4B. Our son has been behaving awfully bad lately. Missing his homework and lying to us constantly. We plan on reprimanding him the old-fashion way after school today. We apologize in advance for any noises &amp; commotion that may occur. We’ll make it quick. Thank you all for understanding.”

By the time I got home from work, there were more notes posting next to the original one from 4B. 

One said, “What time are you guys doing it? We’ve been wanting to do that for a while now! Let’s sync up the time so we can get it over with together tonight!”

The other note expressed, “Can you start an online private group, that way we can trade stories and tactics, please?”

And another wrote, “Can you livestream it? We want to show our daughter what would happen to her if she doesn’t behave!”

The last note went, “OMG my husband and I have been wanting to do that last week but grandma was here! Now that grandma has gone back home, let’s all do it together tonight!”"
"Randomly thought of this one" "What is a pilot's favourite flavored chip? 

Plain...



Ok I'll leave now."
"What goes clippity clop... clippity clop.... ThWACK!" "An Amish drive-by...

Horse carriage, bow and arrow humor. 10/10"
"A poor Irish family" "A poor Irish family lives on a farm and they rely on their single cow for income.

One morning, the father walks outside to find their cow dead.

""There is nothing that could help get us out of poverty now,"" says the dad as he shoots himself.

The mom walks outside and sees the dad and the cow on the ground.

""I can't live without my husband,"" she says as she shoots herself with her husband's gun.

The daughter walks outside and sees her mother, father and cow dead.

""I can't live any longer without my family,"" she says as she jumps into the river and kills herself.

The oldest son, 23 years old, walks outside looking for the family and sees them all dead.

""Is there anyway to bring them back,"" he yells at the sky.

Poof! A female leprechaun appears.

""I will bring your whole family back to life, even the cow,"" she says, ""if you can fuck me 5 times in a row. If not I get to kill you.""

The boy fucks her 3 times in a row and he dies.

The middle son, 19 years old, comes out and sees the leprechaun. She gives him the same offer as his brother.

""I will bring your whole family back to life, even the cow,"" she says, ""if you can fuck me 5 times in a row. If not I get to kill you.""

The son agrees to do it but can only do it 4 times. He dies.

The youngest son, 15 years old, comes out and is given the same offer.

""I will bring your whole family back to life, even the cow,"" she says, ""if you can fuck me 5 times in a row. If not I get to kill you.""

The son says, ""What if I fuck you 10 times in a row?""

The leprechaun thinks. She says, ""I will bring back your family and give you my pot of gold.

The son says, ""Wait, how do I know you will survive it?""

""What do you mean?"" says the leprechaun.

""The cow didn't."""
"Where do Incans go to sneeze?" "Achoo Picchu"
"An Indian shop owner is on his deathbed in hospital." "An Indian shop owner is on his deathbed in hospital. His family comes to visit him as he his waking up from a deep sleep. He looks around the room in a daze and calls out to them. 

""Padma, my beautiful wife, are you here""
""Yes I am here my husband"", she says

""Kajol, my daughter, are you here""
""Yes I am here father"", she says

""Suren, My son, are you here""
""Yes I am here father"", he says

""Well, if all of you are here, then who is looking after the bloody shop"" yells the father"
"What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist?" "One looks up the family tree and the other looks up the family bush."
"What do you call a knife with food poisoning ?" Machete
"I just learned there are some horrifying side effects to the vaccinations." "Within six weeks of an injection around 95% of all women aged between 15 and 45 will start to bleed for days unless properly medicated, and this bleeding is apparently a somewhat regular occurrence!"
"Hear about the new restaurant called Karma?" "There's no menu.  You get what you deserve."
"Just invented a new word" Plagiarism
"Marie Kondo says to donate anything that doesn't spark joy," "but The Salvation Army says that amounts to human trafficking."
"Don't waste your time reading this joke" "The top comment has a better punch line"
"A lady goes grocery shopping." "So, a lady went to the grocery store to buy a few things, and she approaches the meat section on the store. She says to the butcher ""how much for that pig's head??"" To this the butcher replies, ""ma'am that's a mirror""."
"Did you hear about the racist homosexual?" "He was a member of the gay gay gay."
"Q. What's the best part about going out to dinner in Hell?" "A. The Devil's Lettuce."
"Q. Why did the racist's house get flooded with shit?" "A. He was Anti-Septic."
"When L died," "My eyes got a little WATARI."
"What is it called when the leader of soviet Russia graduates a high school?" Stalingrad
"My grandfather has been playing The Blues his whole life and it's become a part of him" "After all, it's in D &amp; A."
"""Around the world in 80 days""" "Or as i like to call it-

      ""Flying with Easyjet"""
"The best joke you will ever see!!!" "Im just kidding, I got nothing.
The post above is much funnier than this, Im serious i have nothing whatsoever. Check the post above and if its better leave a comment if not then just upvote this one because i have literally nothing. Thanks, Tie-Key"
"What's the fastest way to skip a music lesson?" Crescendon't
"What do you call a Thai dish that comes in and out of fashion?" "Fad Thai"
"Why does Tom Brady hate investing cryptocurrancy" "Because it could lead to inflation."
"I used to have a hard time understanding which GPU to buy for my computer." "But since the prices are now in the names, it's much more simple!"
"Why won't my motorcycle run?" "Because it's two tired."
"What did the gender normative man say..." "About his organizational methods?

I've got a Cis-tem!"
Merde "Pardon my French.



I made this myself it's probably aweful, but I found it hilarious."
"Harry Potter" "While Jk Rowling has made the incredible Harry Potter series, when will Harry potter and the shopping trip to aldi come out?"
"Why don’t spaceships have bars?" "In space, a hole in the wall would kill everyone."
"My girlfriend told me to treat her like a princess" "so i married her off to a wealthy stranger to secure an alliance with france."
"what do you call a two tailed cat" "a boi"
"One evening an old farmer decided to go down to the pond, as he hadn't been there for a while, and look it over." "He grabbed a five-gallon bucket to bring back some fruit. 

As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing with glee. As he came closer, he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny dipping in his pond. He made the women aware of his presence and they all went to the deep end. 

One of the women shouted to him, “We're not coming out until you leave!"" 

The old man frowned, “I didn't come down here to watch you ladies swim naked or make you get out of the pond naked.” Holding the bucket up he said, “I'm here to feed the alligator.”"
"Whats the last thing that goes through a fly's head when it hits a windshield?" "Its ass"
"I used to have a good life , successful job and health" "Then i stopped playing Sims"
"How the fight started" "For our 3rd Anniversary, GF wanted me to bring her to a restaurant where they prepare the food in front of you using the freshest ingredients based on your selection.   


I brought her to the new Subway in town and that’s how the fight started."
"NSFW A furry cowboy comes in friday" "Yiffs around in town for 2 days, then fucks on Friday. How'd he do it? The horse's name is Friday"
"A Little Boy, a Fat Man, and a Neck Beard went to Japan" "Oh wait one that hasn't happened yet-"
"How does Henry VIII like his coffee?" Decap.
"How does Reese eat her ice-cream?" Witherspoon.
"I have a very traditional view of marriage" "If it's not for land, money or political power

then it's just not worth it."
"You know what really grinds my gears?" "Not using the clutch pedal"
"I often tell people I have Imposter Syndrome" "But I'm sure they can tell I'm lying."
"Two cannibals were eating a clown, one said to the other.." "Does this taste funny to you?"
"I asked a girl from my school out for a date; she only responded with a comment about our classes schedules" "something about not having Chemistry together"
"Peloton has announced a recall of all their treadmills..." "... leaving their users scrambling to find something else to talk about all day."
"The is was the first joke my dad learned in English: For entrance into America, new immigrants must pass an English proficiency exam" "The instructor tells the immigrant to use the words “green, pink, and yellow” in a sentence correctly. The immigrant says “oh that’s easy watch this,” and takes a moment to think. The immigrant response by saying “I got a call and my phone went green green, so I pinked up the phone and said yellow.”"
"Catholic school is like a game of chess." "You don’t want to end up with the bishop in your ass."
"What did the watermelon say to the other watermelon?" watermelon
"A bad joke I randomly came up with in an APUSH review session." "What's a civil rights activist's favorite candy?

SNCCers."
"A man goes the doctor and discovers he has a severe case of inflammation in his prostate" "The doctor tells him it’s one of the worst cases he’s ever seen and advise the man to schedule regular appointments and prostate exams with him. The man agrees and goes see the doctor once a month for years and years. One day, they doctor goes on vacation and can’t schedule his prostate exam, and the man is rightfully worried. He tries to convince his wife to check it for him. She says “but I have no idea how to even do one.” The man says he will instruct her, and she reluctantly agrees. The man tells the instructions simply. “First, you put your left hand on my left shoulder, then you put your right hand on my right shoulder, and then you check my prostate,” says the man. His wife replies “but I don’t have anything to check it with,” and it was at that moment it dawned on the man…."
"A gypsy village was flooded" "Superman came and started helping them, which resulted in no one being harmed.
When the last gypsy was saved, as Superman put him to the ground, the gypsy wanted to thank him, but he couldn't remember his name.
He sees a big ""S"" letter on his chest and said:
""Thank you, S...Sbatman!"""
"Roses are red" "Roses are red 
Violets are blue 
Sugar is sweet 
And so are you.

The roses have wilted 
The violets are dead 
The sugar bowl's empty 
And so is your head."
"I once read a laxative horror story..." "It scared the shit out of me."
"What a sunburned penis and lion have in co" "You don’t wanna fuck with either"
"Bad Doggo! No Biscuit!" "A guy is meeting his girlfriend's parents for the first time at their place for dinner. After dinner, he starts getting some bad gas pain. Luckily, the family dog is sitting right next to him. 

Taking a risk, he thinks to himself, ""I’ll let a little one fly and see what happens.""

A few seconds later, the mother exclaims, ""ROVER!""

He thinks, ""YES! I got away with it!"" and lets another one fly.

Again, a few seconds later, the mother exclaims, ""ROVER!!!""

At this point, he has nothing left to lose and lets it all fly.

""ROVER!!!"" exclaims the mother, ""get away from him before he shits on you!!!"""
"Did you know Jesus had erectile dysfunction?" "It took him 3 days to rise again"
"Why does the Irishman always put exactly 239 beans in his soup?" "Because one more would be too farty."
"Where on earth will you get the highest value for g?" "In middle of Niger"
"What loses weight the longer it rests?" "You when you die"
"Timothy was visiting his grandparents" "for the weekend. He had just turned 3 years old, and his parents was happy to get a weekend off. His grandparents was very religious people, and did not take care for foul language. Grandma Betty Lou and her friends, Gabby, Millie and Martha had taken Timothy to the playground. Timothy was sliding, swinging ang enjoying himself. Granny Betty Lou was proudly showing off her grandson to her friends, when Timothy suddenly shouted ""Grandmother, I need to take a piss!"". Betty Lou hurried over to Timothy, as fast as her arthritis-ridden legs could carry her, afraid she would have to sit alone at church, having a grandchild with such foul language. ""Oh, Timothy"" She said. ""Don't speak like that!"". ""But I really have to piss, grandma!"" Timothy replied. Betty Lou patted Timothy on the head and said ""If you have you pee, just say you have to whistle, and I'll take you to the toilet, dear"". Gladly it seemed  like Gabby, Millie and Martha didn't catch Timothy's rude outburst. They went to the toilet and Betty Lou's perfect grandson-image was saved.

Later that same evening, Timothy was neatly tucked in. Grandpa Harry and Grandmother Betty Lou had been watching TV and Betty Lou was completely knocked out after running after Timothy all day in the park. ""Grandma!"" Timmy shouted. Betty Lou was fast asleep, so grandpa Harry went to check what he wanted. Grandpa Harry went into the guest room where little Timothy was sleeping. ""Grandpa. I need to whistle"". Harry looked a little confused at Timothy and said ""No, it's time to sleep now, Timmy. We can whistle tomorrow if you want"". ""Oh, but I really need to whistle!"". Grandpa Harry was firmer in his tone ""Timmy, you can't whistle now, grandma is sleeping. You'll wake her"". But Timothy was very persistent and kept on begging Harry. He sat down on the edge of the bed and said, ""Ok, Timothy, whistle quietly into my ear then""..."
"What's in a Irish 4 course dinner?" "3 pints of Guinness and a potato."
"My girlfriend got a new pair of tits" "A friend of mine asked, ""The surgery must've been pretty expensive right?""    
    
I replied, ""Why would it be? Puberty is free."""
"What's an Americans most hated color?" Red.
"What do a bikini model and turkey have in common?" "The white parts are the best."
"What diisorders do yalll have?" "I have dailysex"
"Can I be Frank?" "But your name is Jessica."
"The Steve Jobs movie starring Ashton Kutcher is incredibly inspiring..." "Watching it makes me believe that I too could get cast as the lead in a biopic even though I'm a terrible actor."
"why have covid when you can have a good time" "just a joke chill bro"
"What does one printer say to another?" " Is that sheet yours or is it my impression?"
"Why is dark spelled with a K and not a C?" "You cant C in the dark."
"An Irishman’s daughter had not been home for over five years. [long]" "Upon her return, her father cursed her. Where have ye been all this time? Why did ye not write to us at all? Why didn't ye call? Can ye not understand what ye put yer old mum thru? The girl, crying, replied, ""Sniff... Dad... I became a prostitute."" ""Ye what!!? Get out, ye shameless harlot! Sinner! You're a disgrace!"" ""OK, Dad -- as ye wish. I just came back to give mum this luxurious fur coat, title deed to a 10 bedroom mansion plus a savings certificate for $5 million."" ""For me brother, this gold Rolex and for ye daddy, the brand new Mercedes convertible that's parked outside, a membership to the country club, an invitation for ye all to spend New Years Eve on board my new yacht in the Riviera, and a new..."" ""Now what was it ye said ye had become?"" says dad. The girl, crying again, ""A prostitute! ""Oh! Ye scared me to death, girl! I thought ye said a Protestant."""
"It's 12:00 Somewhere" "So there is this guy named Brachtholamew who has been having a lot of trouble with his girlfriend Kimberly. One day he heads out to the mailbox in the rain and grabs her cape to keep dry and when he comes back she sees him and immediately starts kissing him passionately and they make love. When they're lying there in the afterglow he turns to her and asks why the sudden passion...was it the cape? And she said, yes it was because a cloakened Brach is right once a day. "
"Did you know you can Sky Dive without a parachute?" "But…. You only get to do it once."
"What do you call me taking a photo with all my friends" "A selfie"
"My company recently had to let go of an overweight employee" "he wasn't working out"
"My doctor told me my heart may not be healthy enough for sex." "But that didn't make him stop."
"Old saying -Careful now or you'll draw blood!" "Old saying -Careful now or you'll draw blood!

When Straining to hard for a fart...

Carful now or you'll draw mud!"
"3 guys on an airplane meet a genie..." "The genie tells them I can grant a wish to allow you to fall into anything when you land. All you need to do is say what you want to land in before jumping. 

The 1st guy says 100 million dollars and jumps.

The 2nd guy says 100 billion dollars and jumps. 

The 3rd guy getting ready to say 100 trillion dollars trips before his jump and yells shit."
"Donkey could take down Bruce Lee..." "...because he entered the dragon"
"What is Charli d’melios favorite food" "Cocomelon and diarrhea"
"How do you know if someone is vaccinated?" "Don't worry they'll tell you."
"How many Mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Just Juan."
"Me and my Neighbor are rival football fans." "We were supposed to be playing each other last weekend.

I am a Manchester United fan, he is a Liverpool fan.

The game was cancelled, so we decided to settle our differences

with a water fight tonight, Just waiting for the kettle to boil.."
"What did the Mandalorian spider say to Little Miss Muffett?" "This is the whey."
"Did you blow bubbles as a kid?" "Well, just so you know, he is back in town for the weekend and was asking for your number."
"What is the martial artists favorite car ?" KIA!!!
"My wife told me she and her sister started a weight loss competition to see who can shed the most pounds before their cousin's wedding this summer." """I hope you win"" was not the correct response."
"Foolproof way to catch a polar bear." "You cut a hole in the ice, then you place, and this is the secret, frozen peas around the edge of the hole. When the bear stops to take a pea, you kick him in the ice hole!"
"What do you call a hungry dog" "A Chihuahua"
"A new General takes over command of an army base. As he tours the facility, he sees two soldiers guarding a bench. He asks them what they’re doing." "One replies loudly, “Sir! We were ordered to guard this bench by the previous post commander! I think it’s some kind of regimental tradition.”

Later that day, the General calls the previous commander and asks him about the guarded bench. The old commander says “The commander before me had soldiers guarding that bench, so I just kept up the tradition.”

So the General calls up the commander before that, and before that as well, a string of commanders going back 30-some years. All of them confirm it’s a tradition passed down from previous commanders. 

Finally, he reaches and 90 year old retired General, who commanded the post back in the 70s. He tells the old General, “You’ll be happy to know we’ve been upholding the tradition for nearly 50 years, and still have soldiers guarding that bench.”

The old General says, “Why, is the paint still wet?”"
"For All of my Fellow Bartenders..." "What's the difference between a bartender and a proctologist ?



A proctologist only has to deal with one asshole at a time."
"Sedan Hussein" "The Iraqi Transformer."
"After the safety talk in the airplane the pilot forgets to turn off the microphone... He turns to his copilot and says: ""I'm gonna take a dump and then I'm gonna fuck that smoking hot stewardess.""" "When the stewardess realizes what's going on she starts to sprint to the front to warn the pilot that his mic is still on but trips and falls. A passenger turns to her and says: ""Calm down, he's taking a dump first."""
"Anakin Skywalker and Obi wan Kanobi walk into a bar," "Yoda laughs and walks under it."
"My bartender is rather forgetful He can remember that my first name is ""Al"" just fine," "but I have no idea how he keeps mixing up ""Smith"" with ""Coholic""."
"Why do teenage girls travel in odd numbered groups?" "Because they can’t even."
"It makes me sick when people forget to add an apostrophe. I swear if it happens again..." "I'll be ill!"
"What do you call it when a dog drinks tainted water and has uncontrollable poops but has the urge to run back and forth at high speeds at the same time?" "Montezoomie's Revenge™"
"Do you know why the researchers have to take a ship to explore the Arctic circle?" "Because there's Norway beyond Scandinavia!"
"How did the Polish win at the athletics meet?" "They stole the Poland ran away."
"""Look at that small starched frill that guy is wearing around his neck"" my friend said ""pretty fucking ugly if you ask me""" "To which I replied ""Dude, that's a little ruff don't you think"""
"What do you call a political party of the blind for the blind?" "The Not See Party!"
"How many Mexicans do you need to fix a lightbulb?" Juan
"If you have sex with a professional comedian..." "Is that a funny-bone?"
"What kind suit does John Wick wear?" "A Class-Action Suit"
"What did Melinda say the first time she saw Bill naked ?" "Now I get why you called your company ""Microsoft"""
"What did Melinda say the first time she sa Bill naked ?" [deleted]
"This complete stranger PMed me out of nowhere and suggested we meet up in the forest and compare dick sizes!" "The perverted fuck didn't even turn up."
"Why did I call my girlfriend a bitch?" "Because she’s a female dog"
"My girlfriend, Lorraine, dumped me when she found out I was cheating on her with her fit friend, Claire Lee" "Good news, I can Claire Lee now Lorraine has gone."
"The word diputseromneve may look ridiculous" "But spell it backwards it becomes even more stupid"
"I asked my neighbour for a drink of water and he said I couldn't have one!" "Well out of order."
"How many babies does it take to paint a wall?" "Depends on how hard you throw"
"What's red and silver and runs into walls" "A baby with forks in it's eyes"
"If you notice a hole forming in your yard today, don't worry." "That's just the sinkhole de Mayo."
"What do you call climaxing at the sight of a firearm" "A gun nut"
"A Suicidal person and a Homicidal person are roomed together in a psyche ward" "The homicidal person says ""we share a common interest"""
"A couple were doing their work on the same table." "The husband picked up a highlighter pen and asked his wife what it was.


""A highlighter pen"", said the wife.

""And what is it used for?""

""To mark important thing"", the wife answered.

Then the husband drew a huge line on her forehead.




Not the best joke ever but I just came up with it and felt you could do it to your significant other."
"Cinco de Mayo and the Titanic" " 

Most people don't know that back in 1912, Hellmann's mayonnaise was manufactured in England .

In fact, the Titanic was carrying 12,000 jars of the condiment scheduled for delivery in Vera Cruz, Mexico , which was to be the next port of call for the great ship after its stop in New York ..

This would have been the largest single shipment of mayonnaise ever delivered to Mexico ..

But, as we know, the great ship did not make it to New York . The ship hit an iceberg and sank, and the cargo was forever lost.

The people of Mexico , who were crazy about mayonnaise, and were eagerly awaiting its delivery, were disconsolate at the loss.

Their anguish was so great, that they declared a National Day of Mourning, which they still observe to this day.

The National Day of Mourning occurs each year on May 5th and is known, of course, as -

Sinko De Mayo."
"One Bill Gates' divorce" "According to Melinda Gates, Bill just didn't Excel at his marriage. Apparently he had no Power Points while arguing, but he always had to have the last Word. And now that he no longer had Access to her heart, the Outlook was not looking good for them. They couldn’t work together as Teams. On the Surface they were a perfect couple, but deep down there was hardly any Kinect. He kept everything hidden like an X-Box and she never found it re- Azuring Finally she realized there was no Window of opportunity to stay together."
"A young man has just been married...." "A young couple was just married and during the reception, the groom’s grandfather pulls him aside…

“Are you ready for tonight?” he asks.

“Well, I’m a little nervous…. It’s my first time…”

“Oh! No worries! You are a Johnson! You will be great!”

The next morning, the young man comes down for breakfast and his grandfather whispers to him conspiratorially, “Tell me, how many times did you do it last night?”

The young man answers, “Just once…”, clearly ashamed.

“Oh, you’ll get better, trust me! You’ll see! But you are representing all Johnson men so you must do better!”

The next morning, the boy again is waylaid by the old man, “What about last night? Eh? How many times?”

“3 times!”

“OK, now you are getting closer to keeping the Johnson reputation alive! But at your age, you can do better!”

The next morning, the young man can’t hide his excitement and he pulls the old man aside telling him, “I did it 13 times last night!”

The old man’s eyes go wide, astonished. “I’ve never done it that many times in one night! How did you do it?”

“Like this!” Then the boy started thrusting his hips, counting with each thrust, “1….., 2….., 3….., ”"
"Mum, can I lick the bowl?" "No! Flush the toilet like everyone else."
"Guy walks into a bar with a giraffe" "They take a seat at the bar and start taking shots. 

The giraffe gets blackout drunk and passes out on the floor. 

Guy gets up and goes to leave the bar. 

Bartender says “hey! You can’t leave that lyin’ there!” 

Guy says “it’s not a lion, it’s a giraffe”"
"A snobbish criminal was going down some stairs" "He was a condescending co descending."
"What do you call a place where brass musicians hang out and drink?" HornPub
"15 more minutes" "In A City Park Stood Two Beautiful Statues, One Female And The Other Male — Both Nude. These Two Statues Faced Each Other For Many, Many Years Naked. Early One Morning An Angel Appeared Before The Statues And Said, “The Two Of You Have Been Truly Exemplary Statues And Have Brought Enjoyment To Many People That Have Visited The Park Over The Years. I Am Hereby Authorized By Godto Give You The Greatest Wish That Can Be Bestowed Onyou. I Grant You The Gift Of Life — Albeit As A Limited Offer. You Have 30 Minutes To Do Whatever Your Hearts Desire.” And With That Command, The Two Statues Came To Life. They Smiled At Each Other, Slowly Moved Their Limbs About In Wonderment, Looked All Around And Then At Their Own Bodies And Finally Back At Each Other. Still Smiling They Then Ran To The Nearby Woods And Dived Behind A Large Bush. The Angel Smiled To Herself As She Listened To The Giggling, Bushes Rustling And Twigs Snapping. Even Angels Knew Of Such Things! After Fifteen Minutes, The Two Statues Emerged From The Bushes, Looking Extremely Satisfied And Wearing Nothing But Even Bigger Smiles Than Before. Puzzled, The Angel Looked At Her Watch And Said To Them, “You Still Have Fifteen Minutes. Wouldn’T You Like To Continue?” The Male Statue Looked At The Female And Asked,”Do You Want To Do It Again?” “Oh, Yes!”, The Female Statue Replied. “But This Time You Hold The Pigeon Down And I’Ll Shit On It’S Head!”"
"NSFW What did one spice say to the other during intercourse?" "I'M CUMIN!!"
"What do you call a dark chocolate snickers bar?" *Sniggers*
"If you watch 1970's porn backwards.." "It's about a hairy man who hoovers cum off a women, then breaks her washing machine and leaves..."
"A Nazi walks into a bar...." "A Nazi walks into a bar, looks around, and notices an older orthodox Jewish man seated at a nearby table. Barman, he says, ""A round on me, for all your patrons, but not for the old Jewish geezer right there.""

As everyone in the bar receives their drinks, he looks directly at the Jew with a nasty little smile. Surprisingly the Jew nods his head and sends a warm smile back. The Nazi is somewhat miffed, as this was not the reaction he expected. So he goes back to the bar

""Barman, a second round for everyone but him, and this time take it all from the top shelf"" Nazi looks again at the Jew, and notices that he is STILL smiling back, and even warmer than before

""Is that Jew a complete fool or what?"" he asks the barman Bartender responds: ""Oh no my generous friend, that gentleman is my boss and the owner of the bar"""
"""Whenever I'm down in the dumps, going shopping for new clothes cheers me up.""" """I wondered where you got them from."""
"I sold some baby laxative to a junkie and told him it was cocaine...!!" "The next day he told me that was the best shit he ever had!!"
"I keep seeing on Reddit that everyone wants their significant other to be big titted and goth, but I think they’re lying…" "I’ve got both of those and I still can’t find a girlfriend"
"I run faster horny" " than you do scared."
"How does a man show he's planning for the future?" " He buys two cases of beer instead of one."
"Virginity is like a soap bubble," " one prick and it is gone."
"My wife keeps sneaking into the pantry and eating all our aero chocolate bars." "She's finally getting a taste of the silent treat mint."
"I organised a best suicide story competition!" "No one  showed up."
"I'm a bit concerned as I think my wife might actually be dead." "I mean, the sex is still the same but the dishes are starting to pile  up."
"Why do SpoilerPhobic Weebs hate Christmas?" "People are always caroling: “Noel, Noel”"
"What's the difference between a lightbulb and a pregnant women?" "You can unscrew a lightbulb"
"How many Notre Dame Alumni does it take to change a light bulb?" "100. One to change it and 99 to reminisce about it."
"What genre are national anthems?" Country.
"The school called a woman and told her: ""Your son has been telling lies""" """You're right"", she replied, ""I don't have any kids."""
"Soap is made from natural fat, so technically you can eat soap" "with one condition: have a stomach that can withstand every kind of upsettings"
"an assassin recently started screenwriting as a freelancer..." "he's going to make a slasher movie!"
"“I’ve spent so long trying to think of a synonym for ‘ambitious’ that I’ve given myself a headache.”" "“Aspiring?”

“No thanks, I’ll just get some fresh air, that’ll clear it up.”"
"My Japanese teacher said they could drink me all day." "My first name is Capri"
"A man keeps praying to God to please let him win the lottery..." "He prays every day for years... and years... and years!!

One day he angrily shouts at God, “why won’t you hear my prayer..!!???”

God answers, “why don’t you go buy a fucking ticket..??!!”"
"What do you get when you add a loop to a loophole?" "A poop hole."
"How many Saudi Arabians does it take to not violate human rights?" "There was no joke, they just violate human rights!"
"Penguin goes on vacation" "
A penguin from the Arctic decides to go for a vacation in Antarctica. He is driving his old car to get there when it breaks down on him in the hot Arizona dessert. He gets towed to a nearby garage. He asks where the nearest ice cream shop is and waddles off to it while they look at his car. He orders some vanilla ice cream and he goes wild with it getting it all over his face and starts to just throw ice cream all over himself and feels like he's back in the Arctic again. He loses track of time and panics and quickly waddles back without cleaning himself up. He waddles up to the garage and sees the mechanic who says to him. "" Well sir, it looks like you've blown a seal"" the penguin feeling very embarrassed replies ""No, it's just ice cream!"""
"A penguin from the Arctic decides to go for a vacation in Antarctica. He is driving his old car to get there when it breaks down on him in the hot Arizona dessert. He gets towed to a nearby garage. He asks where the nearest ice cream shop is and waddles off to it while they look at his c" 
"What do you call a band made up of dodgy landlords, who only play Sting covers?" "The Faux-lease"
"How do you stop a baby from spinning on the ground?" "You nail his other hand to the ground."
"Last night I slept like a baby" "Shit my pants and woke up crying"
"Three friends were bragging about who has the most sex." "Three friends were bragging about who has the most sex. The first guy starts, “Y'all ain't got nothing on me!

I can go to any bar and bring home a new woman every night! Not only that, but I drive a corvette and have an 8 inch penis! I've slept with more than 1,000 women!”

Second guy fires back, “Oh yeah? Well I’m a top gynecologist at the highest rated hospital in the world. I make $800,000 a year, have patients and nurses who have sex with me every hour I’m at work. All the women compliment me on my 12 inch penis and I've slept with well over 5,000 women.”

Last guy chuckles, “I have you all beat. I fucked over all the Redditors who thought that this would be an exact repost again.”"
"How many Sigmund Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" "Two. One to hold the ladder and one to screw your mothe… errr I mean the lightbulb."
"Scientists have declared that ants are immune to COVID-19...." "They think its probably because they have.... anty bodies"
"What's the most helpful medical problem?" "A cyst. (via twitter @Dadsaysjokes)"
"What do you call an undead barb?" "An Instrumentalich."
"A park ranger's quote on why it is hard to design the perfect ""bear proof bin"" :" "There is considerable overlap between the intelligence of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."
"What's pink and rusty?" "Madeleine McCann's bike"
"How does Chinese gangster say hello in Italian?" "Ciao, mein!"
"Why Pascal never goes to the gym ?" "He is too small to lift a bar."
"So a man walks into a bar, and is greeted by an entire line of men and women who proceed to beat the absolute crap out of him..." "Thats the punchline."
"Although he doesn't have an IMDB entry..." "Gal Gadot's husband can brag about being in Wonder Woman!"
"What do a 14 pregnant girl and her fetus have in common?" "They both think : Mom's gonna kill me..."
"Brain cells die, skin cells die, even hair cells die." "
But FAT CELLS… must have accepted Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior because they seem to have eternal life."
"The Story of a Knight on top of the Black and White horse" "Once upon a time there was a Knight on top of the Black and White horse, he was named that because, as you would've guessed, he was a Knight on top of a Black and White horse.


One day the Knight on top of a Black and White horse decided he wanted to become King, so he rode to the nearest castle to ask the current King for the hand of his the daughter, the Princess.

  
He arrived at the first outpost of the castle where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The first guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. 

  
And he was able to pass.

  
He came onto the second outpost where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The second guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. 

  
And he was able to pass.

  
After that he came onto the third and final outpost where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The third guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. And he was again able to pass.

  
The Knight on top of a Black and White horse then came upon the courtyard of the castle and dismounted his Black and White horse, which made him no longer the Knight on top of a Black and White horse but the Knight off a Black and White horse.  


The Knight off a Black and White horse entered the castle and met the Advisor of the King. ""It is I, the Knight off a Black and White horse."" the Knight off a Black and White horse said.

  
""Are you really the Knight off of a Black and White horse?"" The Advisor of the King asked. 

""Yes, I really am the Knight off a Black and White horse."" The Knight off a Black and White horse said. ""And I want to speak to your King.

  
""To speak to the King, you first must complete a task--"" The Advisor of the King told the Knight off a Black and White horse. ""-- there are three dragons that need to be slain, for they destroy the King's land.""

  
And the Knight off a Black and White horse turned around, back to the courtyard where he mounted his Black and White horse, which meant he no longer was the Knight off a Black and White horse, but the Knight on top of a Black and White horse.

  
He arrived at the third outpost of the castle where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The third guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. 

  
And he was able to pass.

  
He came onto the second outpost where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The second guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. 

  
And he was able to pass.

  
After that he came onto the first and final outpost where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The first guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. And he was again able to pass.

  
The Knight on top of a Black and White horse searched far and wide for the three dragons and came upon them destroying a village.

  
He rode up to the first dragon and yelled ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The first dragon roared back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. And he took out his sword and plunged it into the belly of the first dragon which fell dead aside.

  
The Knight on top of a Black and White horse rode up to the second dragon and yelled ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The second dragon growled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. And he again took out his sword and plunged it into the belly of the second dragon which, again, fell dead.

  
Then the Knight on top of a Black and White horse rode up to the third and final dragon and yelled ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The third dragon sneered back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. And again he took out his sword and plunged it into the belly of the third dragon which fell dead on his back.

  
The Knight on top of a Black and White horse, now victorious, rode back to the castle.

  
He arrived at the first outpost of the castle where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The first guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. 

  
And he was able to pass.

  
He came onto the second outpost where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The second guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. 

  
And he was able to pass.

  
After that he came onto the third and final outpost where the Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled: ""It is I, the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!""

  
""Are you really the Knight on top of a Black and White horse?!"" The third guard yelled back. 

  
""Yes, I really am the Knight on top of a Black and White horse!"" The Knight on top of a Black and White horse yelled again. And he was again able to pass.

  
The Knight on top of a Black and White horse then came upon the courtyard of the castle and dismounted his Black and White horse, which made him no longer the Knight on top of a Black and White horse but the Knight off a Black and White horse.

  
The Knight off a Black and White horse entered the castle and met the Advisor of the King. ""It is I, the Knight off a Black and White horse."" the Knight off a Black and White horse said.

  
""Are you really the Knight off of a Black and White horse?"" The Advisor of the King asked. ""Yes, I really am the Knight off a Black and White horse."" The Knight off a Black and White horse said. ""And I slayed the three dragons, take me to your King!""

  
The Advisor to the King nodded and led him through a couple of big doors into the Throne Room of the King, where upon the Throne sat, of course, the King.

  
The Knight off a Black and White horse entered the Throne Room of the King and walked up to the King and said ""It is I, the Knight off a Black and White horse.""

  
""Are you really the Knight off of a Black and White horse?"" The King asked. 

""Yes, I really am the Knight off a Black and White horse."" The Knight off a Black and White horse said. ""And I slayed the three dragons, for which I am sure you will reward me.""

  
""Yes--"" Said the King. ""Your heroics, oh Knight off of a Black and White horse, are known throughout my Kingdom, ask and you shall receive.""

  
The Knight off a Black and White horse looked at the King and said ""King, I want to marry your daughter, the Princess.""

  
The King looked puzzled and frowned ""But Knight off a Black and White horse, I have no daughter.""  


The End."
"What did Cinderella say when she got to the ball?" "She gagged."
"Why queen has more mobility than king in chess?" "Because chessboard looks like kitchen floor."
"How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?" "They don’t they beat the room for being black"
"What's the difference between a baby and an anti-vaxxer?" "Poop comes out of both sides of the latter"
"Two deaf guys stop off in a pub one night on the way home from their lip reading class." "Communicating by using their new lip reading skills one offers to buy the drinks and gives the money to the other who goes to the bar to get them.

At the bar he asks for two pints of lager which the barman puts on the bar and then says “that’ll be £15 please.”

The deaf guy looks shocked and unsure if he had read what he said correctly he replied, “did you say £15?”

“Yes” replies the barman.

“That’s a lots of money” he tells him.

“Yes” said the barman, “we’ve got live music tonight so it’s to cover the cost.”

“Oh!” Replies the deaf guy, “what sort of music is it? Rock n roll?…..Boogie woogie?”

“No” replies the barman, “we’ve got some country and western.”

“Oh!” Replies the deaf guy as he thanks the barman and returns to his friend with the drinks and his change. As his friend takes the money he looks at it and says “£15! That’s a lot of money.”

“Yes” he tells him, “it’s to pay for the live music tonight.”

“Oh!” His friend says, “live music? what sort is it? Rock n roll?…. Boogie woogie?” 

“No,” the man tells his friend, “apparently they’ve got some cunt from Preston!”"
"I just watched a great documentary on Cocaine." "I think I’m going to watch all my documentary’s this way now."
"My son was just born and another dad at the nursery congratulated me and said his daughter was born yesterday. He said; maybe they’ll marry each other" "Sure, like my son is going to marry someone twice his age..."
"Did you know that if your nose runs and your feet smell…" "You’re built upside down."
"A virus walks into a bar, and sits down. The bartender tells him, ""We don't serve your kind here.""" "The virus is momentarily taken aback by this unexpected and blatant display of bigotry, the likes of which he's only seen in history textbooks.

For a brief moment, he considers the bartender. What kind of life experiences would shape someone into such a pathetic piece of garbage? What happened to this man to instill in him such an absolute dislike of viruses? All this goes through his mind in a matter of seconds.

The virus senses an awkward silence about to fall. Purely on instinct, he responds with an attempt at humor, and says, ""Well, you're not a very good host."""
"What do you call an alligator detective?" "An investi-gator!"
"All I've ever wanted to be is a human cannonball..." "but I just couldn't get my career off the ground"
"Did you hear that the CDC issues new guidelines today?" "They said if your head is far enough up your ass, there's no need to wear a mask."
"I was going to tell a guitar joke" "But you’re too high-strung to upvote…"
"It was THIS BIG!!!" "The elderly (but not commensurately skilled) angler was proudly displaying his catch at the dock before heading home for the day.  His audience, a pair of young Bass Championship hopefuls, though fond of the old man, couldn't hide their lack of awe.

After telling them the exciting story of his day on the water, he again showed off his prize.

""A good day's work, don't you think?""

As they looked at each other, trying to come up.with a reply that wouldn't hurt the his feelings, the geriatric  sighed in resignation. 

I know, I know; you don't have to tell me. It's carp, isn't it?"""
"What do you get when you divide a pumpkin's circumference by it's diameter?" "Pumpkin pi!"
"How many gazelles does it take to kill a lion" Gazzelion
"Your mama called." "She wants her virginity back."
"What’s worse than a dead baby in a trashcan?" "A dead baby in three trashcans!"
"A police officer came upon a terrible wreck..." "A police officer came upon a terrible wreck where the driver and a passenger had been killed. As he looked upon the wreckage a little monkey came out of the brush and hopped around the crashed car. The officer looked down at the monkey and said, ""I wish you could talk.""

The monkey looked up at the officer and nodded his head up and down.""  
You can understand what I'm saying?"" asked the officer.  
Again, the monkey nodded his head up and down.  
""Well, did you see this?""  
""Yes,"" motioned the monkey.  
""What happened?""

The monkey pretended to have a can in his hand and turned it up by his mouth.  
""They were drinking?"" asked the officer.  
The monkey nods his head, ""Yes.""  
""What else?""

The monkey pinched his fingers together and held them to his mouth.  
""They were smoking marijuana?""  
The monkey nods his head, ""Yes.""  
""What else?""

The monkey motioned ""kissing.""  
""They were kissing, too?"" asked the astounded officer.  
The monkey nods his head, ""Yes.""

""Now wait, you're saying your owners were drinking, smoking and kissing before they wrecked?""  
The monkey nods his head, ""Yes.""  
""What were you doing during all this?""

""...Driving..."" motioned the monkey."
"Ever have a dream that you are eating a gigantic marshmallow..." "And wake up with your pillow missing?"
"Hank the Cowboy" "May not be super funny, but this joke makes my brother heave a little.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

For years, Hank worked his corner of the old west frontier by himself. He'd sell his goods to people heading west and collected a good sum over time. Hank was notoriously tight fisted with his money. He was getting on in age and, not having any kids, decided it was time to spend some of this money.

He went into town, bought some supplies, and headed the brothel. The head mistress, Miranda, met him at the door as he was looking at the girls and prices.  ""What'll ya have, cowboy?"" she says with a pucker of her lips.

""It's been mighty long. I want a cheap girl that'll give to me rough.""

""Sure thing, sweetie pie. Head up to room 2. Shelly'll be in in a few.""

He nods and heads up, taking out his whiskey and having a long draw.

Sure enough, Shelly comes in and takes care of old cowboy Hank. He's having a grand old time and boy was she rough.  After awhile, he has her stop and says ""What do you say we go gentle for a spell?""

She bites his lip and whispers, ""I'll be back in a few minutes.""

She comes back and wow, what a difference! Hank is heaven! She's even more amazing than before. 

Hank looks into her eyes, ""Wow, honey! What did you do when you stepped out? This is amazing!""

As she's grinding him, she says, ""I peeled off the scabs."""
"Why do white people go to puerto rican tag sales?" "To get their stuff back. 

This was actually told to me by my Puerto Rican friends father years ago lol."
"My kid just took a dump in the bath" "I  didn't know he had it in him."
"Does the tip of your dick touch your asshole?!?!" "Billy sees his grandfather sitting on a rocking chair on the front porch drinking a  beer. So Billy asks his grandfather ""Hey Grandpa, can I have a sip of your beer?"" Grandpa responds ""Well Billy does the tip of your dick touch your asshole?"" And Billy somberly shakes his head 'no' as his grandfather says ""Well I'm sorry Billy but I can't share this with you."" 
The next day his grandfather is at the dining room table enjoying a ham sandwich so Billy asks him for a bite.  His grandfather says ""Well Billy does the tip of your dick touch your asshole?"" And Billy sadly shakes his head 'no' and says ""Not yet"" as his grandfather says ""Well I'm sorry Billy but I can't share this with you."" 
The third day comes around and this time it is Billy sitting at the kitchen table enjoying some freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. His grandfather walks in the room and sees what's going on so he asks Billy if he can have a cookie. So inevitably Billy asks him ""Well Grandpa does the tip of your dick touch your asshole?"" And his grandfather responds ""Well yes as a matter of fact it does!"" So Billy says to his grandfather ""WELL I'M SORRY GRANDPA BUT YOU CAN GO FUCK YOURSELF - GRANDMA MADE THESE COOKIES FOR ME!!!"""
"Did you know the joker actually has his own vehicle to rival the batmobile called the jokermobile? The origin for how he got it is pretty interesting." "Do you wanna know, how he got these cars?"
"So a rope walks into a bar" "The bartender says ""we don't serve your kind. ""

The rope leaves, parts it's head and ties up his chest before entering the bar. 

The rope enters again. 

The bartender asks ""aren't you the same rope? "" 

The rope says ""well I'm a frayed knot. """
"Greta dad joke tody" "Family talking about how lightning struck a friends house and went through their window. It hit their router and blew it up. 
Me: Talk about a strong connection.
Good news : someone laughed
Bad news: it was me"
"A man goes to prison..." "A man gets sentenced to life in prison and he gets placed into his cell. His cellmate is an enormous, musclebound giant.

The cellmate says, ""we're married now. You gonna be the husband or the wife?""

The new guy thinks for a second and says, ""I am going to be the husband"".

The cellmate says, ""OK, get over here and suck your wife's cock"""
"Did you hear Han Solo and Leia had a son who became a musician?" "Guitar Solo"
"Why do get a reddit sub mod to unlock your car?" "Because moderation is the key."
"Hear about the gay cowboy?" "Rode into town and shot up the sheriff."
"I like my coffee like Oscar Pistorius likes his women." Iced.
"#1 Album on Amazon:" "Alexa - Unplugged"
"What problem can both gamers and popular musicians relate to?" "The fans are too noisy."
"A man was called into Human Resources after receiving complaints about his affair with a black coworker" "As there have been other office relationships that have gone without complaint, he assumed his other coworkers were racially biased against their relationship.

HR: ""See, everyone in the office thinks that your constant distraction with your partner is affecting their work enviorn-""

Before they finish he blurts: ""LOOK, I GET IT! I'M IN THE MINORITY HERE!"""
"What spaceship does the Fonz fly?" "The ""A-aaaayyy"" Wing."
"Who sent Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel a friend request on Facebook" Darkness.
"Why vegans don't moan during sex" "It's coz they're afraid to admit that some meat makes them happy"
"I first decided to become a children's artist..." "when I realized kids don't know shit about art."
"My dad used to always say to me ""What doesn't kill you makes you stronger""" "Until the accident.."
"My Girlfriend recently asked me if I was having sex behind her back.." "..I said ""Well who the f*** do you think it was??!!"""
"A dying billionaire called in his doctor, lawyer, and priest for a talk." "&amp;#x200B;

""For all your years of friendship and faithful service I've left each of you a generous gift in my will, but I want each of you to do one last thing for me. Here is one million dollars cash for each of you. I want you to slip it into my coffin before I'm buried. I want to see if everyone is wrong and I **can** take it with me.""

He dies soon after, and as the three are walking away from the grave site the priest mutters, ""okay, my conscience is bothering me. I have to confess: I thought of all the good that money could do in our community; it seemed a shame to waste it. I donated half of it to a charity that provides for the poor. I only put half in the coffin.""

The doctor sighed, ""I should confess too. I thought of how badly my hospital needs money for cancer research. I donated two thirds of it anonymously to our charity fund. I only put a third in the coffin.""

The lawyer, disgusted, let into the two, ""Gentlemen, you made a solemn promise on our friend's deathbed, and **this** is how you honor his final wishes? I'm ashamed, **appalled**, at your behavior! I for one put in a check for the full amount!"""
"What is the difference between Jelly and Jam?" "i can't Jelly my dick down your throat."
"A man who wasn't confident with his penis buys a dildo" "One day he gets married to a gorgeous woman.

For 15 years he insisted that the lights be off during their lovemaking so that she  wouldn't be able to see him using the dildo instead of his penis.

One day during sex his wife turns on the lights and sees the dildo.

""Explain this!"" She says, holding the dildo.

""Explain the kids!"""
"Did you hear about the Morman girl that used to be a boy?" "She recently got a new *transmission*"
"What do you call the Mailman after he loses his job?" "Just some dude."
"The lady at the DMV asked me for my vehicle's title" """Piece of Shit"", I replied"
"A tourist is backpacking through the country." "A tourist is backpacking through the country, and he stops at a pub to get a drink. And the only people in there are a bartender and an old man nursing a beer. He orders a pint, and they sit in silence for a while. And suddenly the old man turns to him and goes, ""You see this bar? I built this bar with my bare hands from the finest wood in the county. Gave it more love and care than my own child. But do they call me John the bar builder? No."" The old man points out the window. ""You see that stone wall out there? I built that stone wall with my bare hands. Found every stone, placed them just so through the rain and the cold. But do they call me John the stone wall builder? No."" He points out the window. ""You see that pier on the lake out there? I built that pier with my bare hands. Drove the pilings against the tide of the sand, plank by plank. But do they call me John the pier builder? No. But you fuck one goat ...”"
"How many bears would Bear Grylls grill, if Bear Grylls grilled bears?" "barely enough"
"I shortened my Boss’ name to Duck, but he wasn’t happy about it.." "Especially as his name is Steve"
"What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine?" "The pricks are on the inside."
"How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?" "It only takes one lawyer to change your light bulb to his light bulb."
"I went to the gas station and tried to pay with a $50 bill, but they said they don't take bills that large because of potential counterfeit." "So I gave him a 40."
"Wish me luck" "maths exam in 5 mins"
"Animal rights activism" "I've been getting into activism for animal rights. Always making sure to buy from companies that test on animals because I really appreciate those companies going outta their way to hire and give animals jobs"
"A man spends his whole life thinking GIF is pronounced ""giff""" "Some of his friends still insist that it's ""jiff"". When he finally dies and goes to heaven he asks God ""is GIF pronounced ""giff"" or ""jiff""? God says ""it's ""jiff"""". He responds with ""ok, JOD."""
"Spider-Man, Batman &amp; Superman was flying around the city bored with nothing to do….." "Spider-Man said “hey I’m running outta web I’ll catch y’all later. Batman &amp; Superman continued to fly around &amp; suddenly spotted Wonder-Woman looking like she was pleasing herself. Superman said “I’ll fly down real fast, fuxk her &amp; fly off she’ll never know it was me” Batman said “bro you won’t”! Superman flew down warp speed, fuxked her and flew off! Wonder-Woman jumped up and said “What Was That”!?! Invisible-Man said “I don’t know but my asshole sholl hurt”!"
"What happened after 7 8 9" "6 asked 7 what happened to nine and 7 said ""it's ok and your going to get a higher position""."
"A mathematician wants more excitement and wants to become a volunteer fireman on the weekends" "He goes through the training, and proceeds to take the written final exam. 

Question 1: You come across a car that is flipped upside down and on fire with the driver still in it. What do you do?

The mathematician answers with the steps he was taught in training.

Question 2: You come across a car that is flipped upside down with the driver still in it. What do you do?

The mathematician answers, Set the car on fire. Now it is a solved problem."
"How do you make a kungfu master into a network administrator?" "Name him IP Man."
"When Joe, a nice man married for over 50 years died, his wife, Myrtle was devastated." "A couple of months later, Myrtle also died

Once in heaven, Myrtle anxiously looked for Joe. Suddenly, behind a Cloud, she could clearly see him with another woman.

She ran towards him, calling his name, ""Joe. Darling, Joe""

Joe said, ""Hold your horses woman, and don't give me that 'darling' s\*\*t. The deal was very clear: 'Until death do us part'."""
"What did the baby say to the mama?" "“I don’t always drink milk, but when I do, I prefer Dos Tetas.”"
Emotions "Three guys are walking down the street in Manhattan when they spot a party. They knock on the door and are turned away because they don’t have costumes. As they walk away one of them spots a can of red paint in an alley, he pours it all over himself, goes back and says “I’m red, red with anger” and is let in. The other two start looking for stuff to use when the one spots a can of green paint, pours it on himself, goes to the door and says “I’m green with envy” and is promptly let in . The last guy getting desperate searches frantically and finds a pear. Smiling he cuts a hole in the pear and takes off his clothes, walks up to the door, puts the pear on his dick and yells “I am fucking despair!!”"
"Did you hear the joke about the invisible kid at the doctor?" "The doctor said he couldn’t see him."
"Best one-liner dark funnies" "Here is my favorite:

Bathtubs:2 - Houston family:0"
"I have a girlfriend" "I know the joke must finish here but I finished the joke in the caption"
"What are 7 words you never want to hear from a suicidal person?" """Look guys! I found a way out!!"""
"Why did the 🇪🇸 Spanish soccer ⚽️ team do so well in the Olympics?" "Because NOBODY expects the SPANISH IN-POSITION!"
"Why did the Pakistani AI startup fail to launch?" "Because the owners could not agree upon to whether call it Hydrobot or Slamabot."
"When is a door not a door?" "When it's ajar."
"It might be cultural appropriation..." "But I still want a FUBU ascot."
"Installed ad blocker 🚫 and became depressed." "Girls in my area are no longer interested in me."
"What do you call a weed gummy" "A High-chew"
"Neo walks into the Matrix." "A Smith quickly locates him and shoots a single bullet. The Matrix kicks into bullet time while Trinity watches. Neo skips the bullet by swaying left as it slowly passes by. 

Trinity asks if he's okay. Neo replies ""Yeah? Can't you see? I thought you were watching on the screen!"" Trinity replies ""All I see is blondes, brunettes..."""
"What do a funeral director and a prostitute have in common?" "They are both good at handling stiffs."
"A janitor at my work asked me to come over and smoke weed with her!!" "I told her No. I can't stand high maintenance women."
"I used to provide quotes often" "Whenever someone got into an argument I traded insults word for word"
"I had a prior career as a night time sniper" "Every mission was a shot in the dark."
"Cop said papers" "I said scissors and won so I sped off

guess he wants a rematch cause he's been chasing me for 20 minutes"
"Fucking Freud, man ..." "If it's not one thing with that guy, it's your mother."
"I once said be patient at the eye doctors to see who would get it." "Apparently no one who saw it."
"A man walks into a bar and sees a line of people waiting to punch him in the face." "Yeah, that’s the punchline…"
"My son was excited about our Catholic church’s archeology class." "But all he saw was a bunch of old bones."
"I like to stick my dick in peanut butter." "I just got her from the pound today."
"If you have 13 apples in one hand and 10 oranges in the other, what do you have?" "**Big hands.**"
"Smartphone owners ask ""Why do old photos show people with red eye?""" "Tell them about the satanic cult uprisings of the eighties."
"I used to work in Astrology...." "Terrible hours."
"What's a decent Asian Stereotype?" "I preffer Sony and Panasonic! What about you?"
"My fighter pilot friend says flying a helicopter is like masterbating." "It feels good, but it's embarrassing if your friends see you doing it."
"Scared the postman by going to the door completely naked." "His house has the same ring doorbell just like mine."
"Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants?" "Incase he got a whole in one!"
"3 friends walk into a room." "Never seen this joke on here, but I’m gonna be honest, also didn’t check or look for it first. 

An engineer, a scientist, and a theoretical mathematician walk into a room. A fire breaks out and the scientist grabs the fire extinguisher and squirts one tiny spot and the fire goes out.

The next day, the three friends go somewhere else and another fire breaks out. This time, the engineer grabs a fire extinguisher and sprays down the whole wall to put out the fire. 

The third day, another fire breaks out in front of the three friends. The theoretical mathematician looks at the fire, looks at the fire extinguisher, and says “there is a solution”; then turns to leave."
"Why can't orphans play baseball? (sorry if repost)" "cause they can't find home"
"I was having an argument with my girlfriend and she said I don't trust her." "If I didn't trusted her I wouldn't be putting my dick in her mouth knowing she has 32 teeths."
"A kind lawyer, Santa Claus, an honest politician, and the Easter bunny spot a $100 bill. Who picks it up first?" "Nobody, because none of them exist."
"Did you know that members of The Village People like tortilla chips with melted cheese?" "That’s why they wrote that one song. 
What was it called again?
Oh that’s right!
Nacho Man!"
"What do you call it when a cop gets a cold?" "Swine Flu."
"A father is sitting in his living room" "A father is sitting in his living room when he hears some strange noises coming from upstairs.

He goes up to find his son violently jerking a raging erection and is saying,

“Oh my God, Oh my God, OH MY GOOOOODDD!!!!!!!”

At that moment he finishes and notices his father.

His father shouts, “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING!!!”

He says, “I’m blessing myself.”

His father says, “How the fuck is this blessing yourself!”

The son says, “Haven’t you heard, Blessed is he who comes in the name of the lord.”"
"Woman walks into an office" "Sees a guy in his room at his desk. Walks up to him and says “you like anal right?” He replies “No, what are you some sex palm whisperer?” She says “No, but you better get use to it cause the cops are gonna believe me over you”."
"Woman walks into an office." "Sees a guy in his room at his desk. Walks up to him and says “you like anal right?” He replies “No, what are you some sex palm whisperer?” She says “No, but you better get use to it cause the cops are gonna believe me over you”."
"Why does Sean Connery have trouble housebreaking his dog?" "Because every time he tells them to sit they take a shit."
"What did the talking pony who had laryngitis and didn't understand humor say to the doctor?" "I'm having a hard time speaking clearly."
"Jeannie loves to make pastries." "One day, she made her best creation yet,

a strawberry and raspberry mousse cake,

but the best part was the white chocolate fondant all over the piece.

You could say it was the icing on the cake."
"Imagine being dyslexic during Christmas" """Yayyy, Satan visited us this year!"""
"What's a Hindu?" "Lays eggs."
"Why are lesbians jealous of whales?" "Because they have 9 foot long tongues and can hold their breath for hours."
"Cheating for ""Good"" Reasons" "An elderly couple was having dinner one evening when the husband reached across the table, took his wife's hand in his and said, ""Martha, soon we will be married 50 years, and there's something I have to know. In all of these 50 years, have you ever been unfaithful to me?""

Martha replied, ""Well Henry, I have to be honest with you. Yes, I've been unfaithful to you three times during these 50 years, but always for a good reason.

Henry was obviously hurt by his wife's confession, but said, ""I never suspected. Can you tell me what you mean by 'good reasons?'""

Martha said, ""The first time was shortly after we were married, and we were about to lose our little house because we couldn't pay the mortgage.

Do you remember that one evening I went to see the banker and the next day he notified you that the loan would be extended?""

Henry recalled the visit to the banker and said, ""I can forgive you for that. You saved our home, but what about the second time?""

Martha asked, ""And do you remember when you were so sick, but we didn't have the money to pay for the heart surgery you needed? Well, I went to see your doctor one night and, if you recall, he did the surgery at no charge.""

""I recall that,"" said Henry. ""And you did it to save my life, so of course I can forgive you for that. Now tell me about the third time.""

""Alright,"" Martha said. ""So do you remember when you ran for president of your golf club, and you needed 73 more votes?"""
"Is a girl working at a LaundryMat and dating a mixed guy technically..." "Taking mixed loads?"
"My girlfriend said ""You don't have to wine and dine me, save your money" "and we can stay in, watch football, have a few beers and then you can fuck me in the ass and cum on my tits. When your finished i'll go to bed and you can get the boys round to play G.T.A all night."" It was at this point that my alarm woke me up for work. What a great dream that was."
"How do dream stans make cereal?" "Step 1.

Pour the water"
"I once shared a bed with a narcoleptic that had IBS." "She was a shit sleeper."
"What's worse than going down on your grandma?" "Hitting your head on her coffin."
"What's the difference between Iron Man and Aluminum Man?" "Iron Man stops the bad guys.
Aluminum Man just foils their plans."
"So my husband told me I look better without my glasses" "I said, thanks, you looks better without my glasses too"
"When my wife and I argue, I always …." "get the last word.
They’re usually, “I’m sorry. You’re right.”"
"What happens when Jackie Chan gets drunk?" "He turns into Jackass Chan"
"I went to the shop the other day. I was only in there for about 5 minutes and when I came out…." "there was a damn traffic officer writing a parking ticket for over-running the meter.
So I went up to him and said,
""Come on, how about giving a man a break?""
He ignored me and continued writing the ticket.
So I called him a pencil-necked Nazi. He glared at me and started writing another ticket for also having parked partially on the pavement!!
So I called him a son of a mutant pig. He finished the second ticket and put it on the car with the first. Then he started writing a third ticket!!
This went on for about 20 minutes and the more I abused him, the more tickets he wrote. 
I didn't give a damn. My car was parked around the corner..."
"Wife was tired of my jokes. Said to give her a break" "I asked if she wants a kit kat bar. On a random note, the weather is nice today"
"True story told by a friend: My nephew was gay and everyone knew it but he was slow coming out of the closet. One day, home from college, he was having breakfast and blurted out, ""Mom - I'm gay.""" "She replied, ""Does this mean that you sometimes put other men's penises in your mouth?""  Her son that that was an odd response but answered, ""Yes.""  ""Then I never want you to complain about my cooking again."""
"I was asked during a job interview...." "what is my greatest strength? I replied, "" My greatest strength is my ability to give my opinion on anything regardless of other's feelings or concern. "".
The person interviewing me started to say,"" I don't see that as a strength rather it's weak..."".
I quickly said, "" I don't give a fuck what you think.""."
"How does a non-binary ninja kill people?" They/them.
"This joke makes me laugh too hard." "Hagrid: You're a Weezerd Harry.
Harry Potter: A what?!
Hagrid: A Weezerd
Harry: Say it ain't so Hagrid!"
"What happens when you visit the mausoleum?" "Remains to be seen"
"when a dictator's son visit the ZOO" "when the manager of a Zoo heard that the president (Dictator) and his son are coming for a visit

he went and called one of his worker and asked him to wear a Deer costume and sit in their place because all of them died and the dictator president's son love Deers.

when the president came he asked the manager  "" why is there only one deer and why is he not moving ? "" 

to which the manager replied "" it is sick Mr president, as you see most of them died but your son has incredible luck he could see the last one ""

the president frowned and replied "" since it can't move then it's better to take it to the lion so my son can see how the lion eat it""

two more workers came and took the 'deer' who was crying ""let me go please am gonna die"" to which the two worker replied "" the president will kill you if you take off the costume, don't worry lions don't torture their prey before eating it""

inside the lions cage the 'deer' was trembling from fear as he saw the lion approaching his face and saying "" don't worry bro am the night shift security """
"Got the words jacuzzi and yakuza confused" "Now I'm in hot water with the Japanese mafia"
"A skinny guys tatts working out for a month but has no results" "It turns out 2 pound dumbbells weren't enough."
"Which mythical Greek monster made the healthiest drink?" Medusa.
"What is a deformed lion who lost evolution badly called?" "A housecat."
"Lenin in Warsaw" " A  Soviet filmmaker makes a film called “Lenin in Warsaw.” Everybody shows  up for the premiere. The film opens—on Lenin's wife, Krupskaya, naked,  having mad sex with another man. And then another.

And  another. And so on. The film continues in the same vein for ninety  minutes.Finally, the lights come up and the director takes questions  from the audience.First question: “Very interesting movie, comrade,  but—where was Lenin?”The director answers:

“In Warsaw.”"
"The Beatles 1969 hit Come Together is actually about a bukkake" "“Come together. Right now. Over me”."
"A mafia hitman..." "A mafia hitman did a hit in the middle of a rice field with a porcelain doll.

&amp;#x200B;

It was the first known case of a knick knack paddy whack."
"What household item has saved me thousands of dollars?" "Coat hangers are a man's best friend for preventing unwanted pregnancies."
"There are three explorers who got stranded on an island." "Naturally, they start looking around trying to find anything that will help them survive. Eventually, they stumble across the natives who happen to be cannibals.

The explorers plead for their lives, and the cannibals agree that if the explorers do exactly what they say then they’ll let them live. So they tell the explorers to each go find 10 of any fruit.

About 30 minutes later, one of the explorers comes back with 10 apples. The leader of the natives tells him to take all 10 of those apples and shove them up his butt, and if he makes a single noise or face, they’ll kill him. He makes it about three apples in and grunts out of pain, so they kill him.

The second guy comes back to the natives a while later with 10 grapes. So they tell him to do the same. He makes it about eight grapes in and starts laughing hysterically. The natives are confused, but they still kill him.

Now the first two explorers are in heaven, and the first explorer asks the second one, “Why did you start laughing? You could’ve lived.”

The second explorer says “I saw the third guy coming back with pineapples.”"
"A man hear 1 in 3 people are unfaithful in a relationship" "Now he needs to find out if it’s his wife or his girlfriend"
"An unknown number calls a man at work." "He immediately hangs up without saying anything. 

&amp;#x200B;

His boss watches him do this and asks, ""Why did you hang up?"" 

&amp;#x200B;

The man answers, ""I didn't know the number"". 

&amp;#x200B;

His boss, seething with rage, shouts ""CALL THEM BACK RIGHT NOW"". 

&amp;#x200B;

The man complied and calls them back, saying, ""911, what's your emergency?"""
"Did I ever tell you about the worst blowjob I’ve ever got?" "It was great"
"Man: ""Aww geez, my life sucks!""" "Narrator in Hiroshima: *It was about the get a whole lot worse*"
"I went to the doctor..." "Went to the doctor yesterday, and to my surprise, he told me that I had to stop masturbating. 
""Stop masturbating? Totally? For how long?"" I asked.
""Well, at least until you get out of my office."""
"From my 5 year old: An eyeball walks into a bar and asks for a beer." "The bartender says, “I can’t serve you! Where’s your mouth?”"
"How do you make a stupid joke go to the top of the front page?" "Just say you heard the joke from a little kid first."
"Every time I buy garbage bags," "it feels like I am throwing money away."
"I walked past a farm" "And saw a sign saying “Duck, eggs.” 

i thought what an unnecessary comma when it hit me."
"To honor" "Getting honor, staying on her. And if you can't cum in her, cum on her.

Cheers maties.

Saw someone on a tv show who had it tattooed on his back. Guess it's an old drinking line."
"How do you make a mailman sad?" [deleted]
"Why don't British people pronounce their T?" "Because they drank it all."
"what does a lawn mower do when its horny?" "its mows"
"Nike has given its staff a week off for a mental health break." "Big tick."
"Our local cafe was closed on mother's day when every other cafe in the area was fully booked" "some would say, it was the mother of all mistakes."
"Person 1: Someone said you look like an owl" "Person 2: Who?"
"What's the truck of choice for a gangsta?" "Dodge Ram"
"I couldn't say that I'm Simba..." "Because I'd be lion if I did."
"As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way..." "Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
"I couldn't sat that I am Simba" "Because if I said that I'd be Lion."
"I couldn't say that I an Simba" [deleted]
"What is the LGBT wing of the Klu Klux Klan called?" "The Gay KK"
"I suppose a Megalodon's got a..." "Megalo**dong**

&amp;#x200B;

I'll see myself out."
"What is your weakness?" "Interviewer : What is your weakness?

Candidate: I am short tempered. 

Interviewer: Explain.

Candidate : You dont understandMotherfucker, You want this bitch explained ."
"Pedro reaches the doctor's clinic" "Pedro reaches the doctor's clinic looking very despondent.

Doc: What're you here for?

Pedro: The vasectomy camp.

Dr: Oh ok. How many kids do you have?

Pedro: None. I am not even married !!

Dr (shocked): Then why do you want a vasectomy?

Pedro: Every man in the village got it done over the last few years. Now whenever their wives conceive, they come and beat me up !!!"
"Today my girlfriend said she will spend the entire day wearing only a short skirt and a long jacket." "After all, it is my Cake day!"
"A girl trying on some shorts asked her boyfriend, ‘Does my bum look big in this?’" "The boyfriend went ‘Ummm, welllll, ahh….’
The girlfriend said ‘Come on honey. We’ve been together for so long now. You can tell me anything and I won’t be upset. I want you to be honest with me.’

‘Ok’ said the boyfriend
‘I fucked your sister’."
"What’s a fly’s favourite pickup line?" "Is this stool taken?"
"A guy wanted to confess his love for a woman" "A guy has about to confess is love for a woman who he's been admiring for ages. One day he asked his bestfriend for help and he helped him to do so. His bestfriend wrote him a song and he loved it, the bestfriend told him to sing it to his crush and the guy happily agreed.

The time finally came when the guy sang and his crush immediately rejected him. She really got pissed. The man was in tears and his bestfriend was laughing like hell

The song goes
Never gonna give you up
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you"
"Do you want to hear a joke? Here it is:" roboq6
"Two farmers each own a horse which they keep in the same field." "Each horse has a different coloured rubber band on its tail. Whenever the farmers visit, they feel carefully down the tail of each horse to find the rubber band, check the colour, and then take their horse for a ride.

This system works for many years until they arrive at the field one morning to find that the rubber bands have slipped off the horse’s tails. They stand by the gate scratching their heads for a while, until eventually one of the farmers comes up with a neat solution:

“Hey, Fred, tell you what: you have the black one, and I’ll have the white one.”"
"Her: ""WTF? Are you even listening to me?!""" "Him: ""That's one hell of a way to start a conversation!"""
"A Girl walks into a Supermarket..." "...she picks up a banana, a can of soup, and a loaf of bread. She then walks up to the cash register to pay.


The cashier looks at her, and the items she has and says,


""I can tell you're single.""



She smiles and responds,



""How do you know that?""



He says,



""Because you're ugly."""
"Scene: With a patient in my medical exam room" " Me:  How old are your kids?  

 Patient:  Forty-four and 39 from my wife who passed away, and from my second wife, 15 and 13.  

 Me:  That’s quite the age difference! 

 Patient:  Well, the older ones didn’t give me any grand kids, so I made my own."
"How can somebody be Bi and single at the same time?" "It’s like playing for both teams and still loosing."
"A farmer owned a nice car which would get ruined because his chickens kept pecking the hood." "A farmer owned a nice car which would get ruined because his chickens kept pecking the hood. 
After several weeks of fuming at his chickens for making scratches and small dents in the hood of his car he decided to find a solution. 
Coincidentally a salesperson came by his house and offered a special spray which would coat the car in a special finish to protect it from chickens.
The farmer sprayed the coating and placed the chicken on the hood. To his pleasure the chicken was unable to make a single scratch with it's beak. 
The sales person asked the farmer to leave a review about how he found the product. 
He wrote just one word: ""Impeccable"""
"(True) So I've been driving a reach fork-lift lately, and I'm still a bit inexperienced." "And sometimes I'll forget to take off the handbrake or keep my foot on the dead-man pedal, and the display will light up RELEASE PARKING BRAKE or PLACE LEFT FOOT ON PEDAL.

At the same time a little yellow light will come on that has a picture of an open book on it.

So not only is this machine commenting on my driving errors, it's also telling me ""read the manual, dumbass""."
"Old MacDonald" "Old MacDonald's wife left him. He found a John Deere letter when he came home."
"Sperm count..." "according to the Catholic church..."
"I shower every sunrise" "But being in the South Pole, others are starting to complain."
"What do you call someone who tells you they are against fascism?" "Poor thing"
"A rapist, a murderer, and a pickpocket are in prison arguing over who’s more dangerous." "The rapist starts off with, “I’m easily the most menacing person here. I forced 10 women to have sex with me against their will. They’ll be traumatized for life!”

The murderer interrupts, “Oh please, I stabbed ten women to death! At least your victims can live to see another day, mine are gone forever!”

The pickpocket then starts laughing. Confused, the two look at the pickpocket and ask, “What are you laughing at? You stole small items from people without them noticing. Big whoop!”

The pickpocket then looks at the murderer and says, “Answer me this, do you still have your knife on you?”

The murderer replies, “Well of course I do! A friend snuck it in for me when I got in here.”

“Well, pull it out for me will you?”

“Sure,” the murderer then reaches into his left pocket, but finds nothing.

“That’s odd, I can’t find it.” The pickpocket then raises one of his hands to reveal that he’s holding the knife.

“Okay,” the rapist says, “so you stole the object he used to commit his crimes. What’s that supposed to prove?”

The rapist suddenly then feels a warm liquid run down his leg before noticing that his crotch area is stained red.

The pickpocket, smiling, looks at the murder and says, “Now check your right hand pocket.”"
"I’m about to go to a funeral for the first time, and I still have no idea what to expect." "Remains to be seen."
"Worst pick-up line ever?" """Hey babe, are you a cop? Because my heart is getting beaten by you."""
"What do you call a Holocaust light?" Gaslight
"C major (one of the popular scales) is chatting with a fellow partygoer when D major walks in." "C major is a friend, so she decides to pay her a compliment.

""You look sharp!"", she says.

""Thanks! I love the natural look!""

At this, the lady scale she was chatting with leaves, flustered.

""Who was that?"", D major asks, confused.

""Oh, Just Bb major. Can't take a joke."""
"A pirate walks into his favorite bar with a steering wheel sticking out of the front of his trousers" "The bartender says "" What's with the steering wheel, Skipper? ""

The pirate replies "" Arr, so damn uncomfortable,  it's driving me nuts. """
"Not to get political but what’s your stance with hitting children?" "I like to stand upright"
"What do you call a smelly monkey?" "A &gt;!Macaca monkey!&lt;"
"Jesus Christ walks into a hotel." "He hands the innkeeper 3 nails, and asks ""Can you put me up for the night?"""
"A wife decides to take her husband, Dave, to a strip club for his birthday." "A wife decides to They arrive at the club and the doorman says, ""Hey, Dave! How ya doin'?""

His wife is puzzled and asks if hes been to this club before.

""Oh no,"" says Dave. ""Hes on my bowling team.""

When they are seated, a waitress asks Dave if he’d like his usual and brings over a Budweiser.

His wife is becoming increasingly uncomfortable and says,"" How did she know that you drink Budweiser?""

""Shes in the Ladies Bowling League, honey. We share lanes with them.""

A stripper then comes over to their table, throws her arms around Dave, and says ""Hi Davey. Want your usual table dance, big boy?""

Daves wife, now furious, grabs her purse and storms out of the club.

Dave follows and spots her getting into a cab. Before she can slam the door, he jumps in beside her.

He tries desperately to explain how the stripper must have mistaken him for someone else, but his wife is having none of it.

She is screaming at him at the top of her lungs, calling him every name in the book.

The cabby turns his head and says, ""Look, Dave. I don’t get paid enough to deal with the screaming every week.”

Dave then says, “Sorry, it’s not my fault this joke gets reported every week.”"
"Two groups are playing tennis, but one group forgot to bring the coin for the coin toss two determine who will go first. So instead, they all decide to marturbate, and whoever climaxes first will get to start the game." "In other words, ""fisrt cum, first serve"""
"“What do you do?” “I am sucking boobs for a living, you?”" "Baby #2 responded to baby #1"
"The Queen..." "...was showing the Archbishop of Canterbury around the royal stables when one of the stallions farted so loudly it couldn't be ignored.

""Oh dear,"" said the Queen. ""How embarrassing. I'm frightfully sorry about that.""

""It's quite understandable,"" said the Archbishop, adding after a moment, ""As a matter of fact, I thought it was the horse."""
"A man and his son are walking, and the son says, ""Father, I have a question.""" "The father says, ""Yes, son?""

""Father, why is my sister called Brooke?""

The father replies, ""We called her Brooke because when she was conceived, your mother and I were near a brook.""

The son thinks about this and then says, ""Father, I have another question.""

The father says, ""Yes, son?""

""Father, why is my brother called Scott?""

The father replies, ""We called your brother Scott because he was conceived while your mother and I were in Scotland.""

The son thinks about this and then says, ""Father, I have another question.""

The father says, ""No more questions for today, Broken Condom."""
"A guy walks into a cafe and asks for a bowl of chili." "The waitress says, ""The guy next to you got the last bowl."" He looks over and sees that the guy's bowl of chili is full. He says, ""If you're not going to eat that, mind if I take it?"" The other guys says, ""No, help yourself."" He starts to eat it and about halfway down, his fork hits something. It's a dead mouse, and he vomits the chili back into the bowl. The other guys says, ""That's about as far as I got, too."""
"Chuck E Cheese Quality fun for the whole family XD" " Hi, and welcome to Chuck E. Cheese! Where everything is visibly dirty and our mascot is a rat! You can even eat some pizza near a sneezing child! Don't forget our Ball Pit of Filth!!! Cleaned never for your guaranteed time off from school to due sickness time with your child! You want more time with your child you say? Have your child act like they won't come out and dive right in after them for that sniffly, sneezing, vomiting, and diarrhea goodness so the whole family can spend more quality time together!!! Oh and if your child has epilepsy don't worry we have got you covered! We have installed the most garish and bright flashing lights wherever you look! Your child will be passed out on the floor from seizures in no time so you can get the rest you deserve! So come on down and enjoy the good things like quality family time, rat pizza, and adult time from passed out kids at your one stop shop for child casino fun!!!!"
"What do you call a gay turkey?" "ɹǝlqqoƃ ʞɔoɔ ∀"
"There is a line of people waiting to punch you…" "That’s the punch line. 😏"
"Dead funny" "Late one night Jack takes a shortcut through the cemetary. Hearing a tapping sound, he becomes scared and quickens his pace. The tapping gets louder and Jack is now scared out of his wits. 
Then he notices a man chiseling a tombstone. 
""Thank goodness!"" Jack says to the man.
""You gave me a fright of my life! Why are you working so late?""
""The spelled my name wrong."""
"I’ve been playing in the street all day wondering why I haven’t seen a single car" "And then it hit me"
"I hosted a terrible orgy last weekend" "Nobody came"
"Prostate exam" "Patient bent over naked about to get his prostate checked.
Dr says ""ok Dave don't get a hard on ""
Patient says "" my name is Kenneth""
Dr says "" my name is DAVE"""
"An Etymologist and an Entomologist enter a spelling bee.." "..into a spelling bee"
"Why was 6 scared of 7? Because 7 ate 9. Why did 10 die?" "Because he got stuck in between 9 11"
"I tried sending a dick pick." "Got an alert back saying ""Unable to send message, file too large"""
"I suggested to my wife that maybe it’s time we asked our roommates to move out, seeing as they are obnoxiously loud and leave their shit everywhere." "After throwing her shoe at me, she told me that it’s apparently illegal to kick your kids out before they are 18."
"The man called ""what did you say""" "A foreign man that doesn't know English goes to New York he see's lots of building and asks ""who owns these buildings"" the man says ""what did you say"" he thinks"" wow he must be rich"" the man then see's lots of nice cars and asks ""who own these cars"" the man says ""what did you say"" the man then thinks "" wow he must be really great"" He then see's a funeral and ask ""who died?"" a man then say's ""what did you say?"" then the man cries saying ""What what did you say is dead i wanted to meet him"""
"How is Microsoft Edge like stainless steel?" "Both are at least 11% Chrome"
"A man walks into a library and asks the librarian for books about paranoia." "She whispers, ""They're right behind you!"""
"If I apply for a job at a railroad..." "Will they expect me to know the job or will they train me?"
"Early one Tuesday, a man named Earl was sitting in his kitchen craving a new DIY project. His counter tops were becoming a bit outdated and in a moment of inspiration proceeded to take his sledgehammer and break the stone slab, throwing each chunk into his backyard." "
He called his friend Dale, a fellow handyman, inviting him to the reclamation station to pick up some kind of material to use for his counters. 

Earl and Dale headed to the store and began looking at different pieces. 

Dale pointed first to an old oakwood slab. ""What about this, Earl?"" He asks. 

Earl shakes his head. ""No, this is too young! Look at how soft it is. My tool will surely ruin it, and the juices of my meat will tarnish its value."" Dale nods and they move on to the next piece. 

Again, Dale says ""What about this Earl?"" Earl looked at the large sheet of steel. 

Just as before, Earl gave his head a shake. ""Look at her! She's so old and used. The blemishes of age have ruined its surface. It's so cold and unwelcoming, I might as well take back my ex-wife."" 

Dale chuckles and they both move on. The third piece is a sheet of gray marble, which looked strikingly similar to Earl's old countertop. Curious, Earl checked the tag and swore. 

""What's a matter Earl? Is the marble too expensive? Say, isn't this the same kind of marble as what's in your kitchen? Sure was purdy!"" Dale said with a low whistle. 

""Damn straight,"" said Earl. ""I knew I shouldn't have taken it for granite."""
"Knock knock" "fuck off."
"Wife: ""Do you want me to tie you up tonight?""" "Husband: "" No. I do knot."""
"I didn't realise Covid was named after its victims" "Christians  
Obese  
Vulnerable  
Idiots  
Diabetic"
"Medical News." "New research shows that Coronavirus only seems to affect men and women and none of the other 20 genders."
"I used to be a boxer." " 

I wasn't very good though. I knew it was time to retire when my trainer had handles sewn into my shorts to make it easier to carry me out of the ring."
"What's the slogan of a circus-themed brothel built in the sewers?" """We all fuck down here"""
"If you're happy and you know it" "please explain"
"My friend david lost his ID" "Now he's just dav."
"A guy goes to a sex shop..." " 

He ask the vendor:

The guy: p...p....please d.. d..do you have... v.. v...v...vibrator, I..i. have a.. a...question!

Sale guy: yes sir we do have those.

The guy: d...d..do you ha..ha...have any s...s...size?

Sale guy: yes we do have all sizes, which one you're looking for ?..

The guy: w..w..what is t...t...the b..b...biggest one?

Sale guy: well we have these here and some others in the back, why??

The guy: how d..d.. do we sh..sh..shut it d..d..down ??"
"A 70 year old virgin Nun goes to a gynecologist" " Because she is experiencing some discomfort. When she explains what’s going on, the gynecologist runs some tests. Later he came back into the room and told the nun that her tests are positive for crabs. “That’s impossible, my body hasn’t been touched by anyone.” She says to him. So she leaves to go get a second opinion. At the next gynecologist, she explains her issues and has more tests done. The Dr. comes back to the room only to say the same thing. “Ma’am I’m afraid you have crabs.” He said. “Both you and the last Dr. are a bunch of quacks. I am a virgin. I’m going to see a specialist!” She says as she darts out of the room. She goes to the most recommended gynecologist around. She explains to him her experiences and the dr. Said to her that he would get to the bottom of the problem. He runs some tests and comes back to the room to see his patient. “Well I have some good news and some bad news for you. The good news is you don’t have crabs. But I’m afraid that your cherry has expired and you have fruit flies.”"
"My farts have been smelling like dog food lately..." "Which is weird because i haven't eaten dog food in like 3 weeks..."
"Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson decide to go on a camping trip. After dinner and a bottle of wine, they lay down for the night, and go to sleep in their tent." "Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend.

""Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see.""

Watson replied, ""I see millions of stars.""

""What does that tell you?""

Watson pondered for a minute.

""Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets.""

""Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo.""

""Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three.""

""Theologically, I can see that God is all powerful and that we are small and insignificant.""

""Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow.""

""What does it tell you, Holmes?""

Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke: ""Watson, you idiot. Someone has stolen our tent!"""
"Why did the Justice League ban Batman from getting the Thanksgiving turkey?" "Because he always got ham."
"HELP!!! I need a comeback!" " He said you can’t suffocate someone with gills. What can I say?"
"knock knock" "who’s there"
"Karen was furious!" "She will chew someone's had off.

Karen: This is outrageous. I need speak to whoever in charge of this flight.

Air Hostess: What seems to be the problem, mam? 

Karen: Who designed the interior of ths plane? Surely some guy, because his work shows the lack of decency only a guy could lack. 

Air Hostess: Calm down mam! Please tell me what is bothering you! 

Karen: THERE IS NO BLINDS IN THE LAVATORY! I AM TOTALLY EXPOSED IN THERE! How can I finish my business if I have to constantly worry about someone peeking from outside! 

Air Hostess: Mam! If a guy is strong enough to cling on to the plane's Wings at 35000 feet above ground, he deserves to see everything! 

#true_story"
"Have you ever been frustrated at separating just one rubber band from a bundle of rubber bands? You need only the one rubber band but it gets all jumbled and tied up to other rubber bands as you try get it out. I've come upon a solution to this problem. It's such a relief to now have a fix for it:" "Actually I don't have any solution for the problem and because of that I now I have a problem with the subreddit in this deceitful action that I've gotten myself all tangled up in."
"A college student slowly walks into a bar and orders a beer. He starts talking to the bartender." """What a day. Our physics professor has to be one of the most difficult professors on the campus."" The student complains. ""If she wasn't so drop dead gorgeous I would've dropped the class already."" The bartender looks at him and says ""So you could say she's easy on the eyes, but hard on the pupils?"""
"What do you get when you cross a gay eskimo and a black guy?" "A snowblower that doesn't work"
"What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?" "A lickalotopuss"
"Soviet era joke from my friend" "A man walked into the Kremlin and told the receptionist: ""I am a spy, I want to surrender to the Soviet government"". The receptionist asked ""Alright, what's your nationality?"" ""I'm American"" the man replied. The receptionist checked his booklet and said ""American spy, surrendering... Go to room 107.""

The man went to room 107, entered and told the officer there ""I'm an American spy, I want to surrender to the Soviet government"". The officer asked ""Are you carrying any communication device?"" ""Yes"", the American man said. ""American spy with communication device"" the officer looked up from his booklet ""go to room 216"".

He walked to room 216, entered, and said ""I'm an American spy, I want to surrender, I'm carrying a communication device"". The officer asked ""Do you have in possession any classified documents?"" ""Yes"". The officer checked a booklet ""alright, go to room 421"".

Again, he entered room 421, and said ""I'm an American spy, I want to surrender. I'm carrying a communication device and classified documents from the US"". The officer asked ""Are you carrying out any mission for the US government?"" ""Yes"", the man replied.

""Then go do your damn mission and stop bothering us!"""
"During World War II, my father often found himself stuck with KP duty. One day, convinced he could improve things, he told the head cook, “If you give me a paring knife, I could peel these potatoes faster.” The cook turned slowly to my father and said, “Son, you’re in the Army." 
"Why is a mouse when it spins?" "Because the more it does, the neither it can't.

Thank you."
"Why did the comedian tell a good joke?" "Because he wanted to live dangerously."
"The inventor of Velcro died today." RIP
"A friend told me this joke once" "When I was born, god gave me the option between choosing the ability to finish stories, or having a big dick.

Obviously, I chose"
"A horse walks into an upscale, downtown bar" "The horse walks up to the counter and goes ""gimme a shot of tequila, thanks.""

The bartender looks the horse square in the eye and goes, ""look, we don't serve horses in here.""

""Why,"" the horse says, frustrated, ""you're not going to let in an English-speaking, polite, adult, learned horse have even a shot of tequila?"" The bartender smirks, then again looks the horse square in the eye. ""First, this bar requires everyone to wear clothes. Second, you're not an adult horse, as adult horses are much bigger than you. I grew up on a farm, and say you're still a young horse, younger than five years at least.""

Suddenly a voice came from the horse's ass. ""You idiot,"" it said, ""all of us in here are wearing clothes and I just turned 16 last week."""
"What do you call a cheap circumcision?" "A rip-off"
"Why did the boy throw butter out his window?" "He wanted to see a butterfly."
"What is a pirate's favorite letter?" "You think it be Rrrrrrrr, but it actually be the Seaaaaa."
"A Redd Foxx joke, 'Oh, George let's not stop here.'" "Oh, George let's not stop
Oh, George let's not
Oh, George let's
Oh, George
Oh"
"Sperm whales" "Could they be the reason the sea is so salty?"
"A rabbi and a priest" "A rabbi and a priest meet up after a year not seeing each other.

The rabbi goes: ""Man, you've put on some weight since last time!""

Priest: ""Yeah I know, it is a new technique I came up with. You go to a restaurant, eat as much as you can. When the bill comes, you tell them you already paid for it.""

Rabbi: ""Sure, but the waiter won't believe you, right?""

Priest: ""Of course he won't. That's when you tell him how dare he doubt a man of faith? It usually works and you can leave without paying.""

Rabbi: ""Very nice, I'll be trying this.""

Later that day, the rabbi goes to his favorite kosher restaurant. After eating 5 plates, the waiter comes up to him with the bill.

Rabbi: ""Oh, I already paid.""

Waiter: ""Mmm, I'm pretty sure you did not sir.""

Rabbi: ""You know I'm a rabbi, how dare you doubt a man of faith? I told you, I already paid.""

Waiter: ""So sorry sir, you are right, it must be some misunderstanding, you're good to go.""

15 minutes goes by and the rabbi is still at the table. 30 minutes... 45 minutes... 1 hour and he is still there! The waiter walks up to him: ""Sir, why are you still here?""

Rabbi: ""Well, I'm waiting for the change!"""
"funny joke" "Villian: you dont even stand a chance.

hero: no, but i can sit a chance."
"Who has seen more shit than a cop or a soldier?" "A plumber"
"I make a pretty good corn salad..." "In fact it's amaizeing."
"Einstein created a theory about space" "and it was about time too"
"What do Sir Mix-a-Lot and George Washington have in common?" "They both cannot lie."
"How much does corn cost at a Tampa Bay football game?" "A buck an ear."
"Singers probably know in which note they moan when having sex…" "Well I’m no singer, but I know that R.Kelly moans in A minor"
"Who opens the jars in a lesbian relationship?" "No one, they eat out."
"For dinner, I had a clock to eat today" "The whole meal was very time consuming"
"I’m so smart it only took me 6 months to assemble a Jigsaw puzzle" "The box says “2-4 years”"
"Why did Adele cross the road?" "To say hello from the other side"
"A nightmare about my father" "A young boy awakens from a nightmare convinced that his father, a renowned chemist, is insane and is trying to destroy the world.

The boy breaks into his father's laboratory, smashes all the test tubes, pours out all the chemicals, and sets the building on fire.

Later that evening, the father sits his son down for a heart-to-heart talk. ""I promise you that I am not a mad scientist, son, just a very disappointed one.”"
"What's the opposite of Motherf*cker?" Mother-f*cker.
"Amoeba 1: Don't know if I want to keep reproducing asexually after seeing those hot elves in Lord of the Rings. I'm torn." "Amoeba 2: Bifurcate?"
"The Pop Culture Cobbler" "There once lived a man called the pop culture cobbler. He worked day and night to fix all of your favorite character's famous footwear. There was just one problem, he wasn't very good at his job.

One day, he's working away when he gets a call. \*ring, ring\* He picks up the phone: ""Oh, hey Sonic! Dude, how's it going?...WHAT! THE SHOES I MADE YOU BROKE AGAIN!!?!? HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE I RE-ENFORCED THEM WITH STEEL! ALL THE ENGINEERS SWEAR BY RE-ENFORCED STEEL!...Wait wait wait please don't go to the video game cobbler I will try again but I will use bronze this time and I swear your shoes won't explode I prome...what do mean 'gotta go fast'?...wait wait wait wait nonono plz don't...dang it he hung up. I gotta say, I never thought that Barry Allen's FURSONA WOULD BE HARDER to DEAL WITH than THE FLASH HIMSELF!!!!"" 

Unfortunately, this was the straw that broke the camel's back for the cobbler, as he started ranting and raving to anyone who would dare go close enough to listen.

""You thought that was bad, you should see Quicksilver, I swear that man intentionally blows up his shows just so he can have an excuse to say ""You didn't see that coming"" again and again AND AGAIN! I swear this job just keeps getting worse and worse. Yesterday, Spongebob came in because his shoes weren't SQUEAKING ENOUGH because he didn't tell me last week THAT THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE HAPPENING! LIKE, YOU GOTTA TELL ME THESE THINGS, MAN! Speaking of last week, Spider-Man got himself stuck to the side OF THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING AGAIN, AND WHO DO YOU THINK HAD TO GET HIM DOWN! THIS GUY! I had to lower myself down, and scrape him off with a squeegee. A SQUEEGEE! Guess how long it took?  IT TOOK ALL WEEK TO GET HIM OFF SAFELY AND THEN ATTEMPT TO FIX HIS SHOES! ALL! FRIGGEN! WEEK! If that wasn't bad enough, I had to go BACK UP the Empire State Building so that I could make SKYSCRAPER-SIZED FURRY BOOTS FOR BOWSER! I mean, HAVE YOU PLAYED BOWSER'S FURY?""

It was at that moment of rage that the poor pop culture cobbler finally snapped. With one final cry of ""I QUIT!"", he stormed out of his workshop to take revenge on those who had made his life a living Hell.

\*cuts to a ticking clock\*

&amp;#x200B;

*Next up on Sixty Minutes: With pop culture icons losing their shoes left and right, is it any surprise that Wikifeet has seen a massive uptick in it's daily user count?*"
"Offended Old Lady" "A police officer is called to an apartment for an indecency situation. An elderly woman answers the door and confirms it. She says ""There's a man in the apartment across the street working out nude with his legs and windows wide open for everyone to see."" The officer asks to come in to see for himself. She leads him to a window and points across the street ""See? It's disgusting!"" He says ""Actually No""... She reaches down from the table to give him a hand, ""You can see much better from up here!"""
"German food is terrible. Sausage here, sausage there, sausage everywhere." "German food is die Wurst."
Politics "


A little boy goes to his
dad and asks, 'What is Politics?'

Dad says, 'Well son, let
me try to explain it this way:

I am the head of the
family, so call me The Prime Minister.

Your mother is the
administrator of the money, so we call her the Government


We are here to take care
of your needs, so we will call you the People.

The nanny, we will
consider her the WorkingClass.

And your baby brother,
we will call him the Future.

Now think about that and
see if it makes sense.'

So the little boy goes
off to bed thinking about what Dad has said.

Later that night, he
hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him.


He finds that the baby
has severely soiled his diaper.

So the little boy goes
to his parent's room and finds his mother asleep.


Not wanting to wake her,
he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny..

He gives up and goes back to bed.

The next morning, the
little boy say's to his father, 'Dad, I think I understand the concept of politics now. '

The father says, 'Good, son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all
about.'

The little boy replies, 'The Prime Minister is screwing the Working Class while the
Government is sound asleep. The People are being ignored and
the Future is in deep shit.'"
"My girlfriend wants me gone because of my obsession with cats." "Shes kicking meowt"
"Why was Cinderella a bad player?" "She had a pumpkin for a coach."
"A new study shows that an excessive amount of worms are causing the Earth to heat up." "Scientist are calling it ""Global Worming."""
"When geese fly in a V-formation, why is one side always longer than the other?" "Because there are more geese in the longer side."
"Wednesday, Thirsty and ..." "
Three old guys are out walking. 
The first one says ""Windy, isn't it"". 
The second one says ""No, it is Thursday"". 
The third one says ""So am I. Let us go get a beer""."
"Peer pressure" "
A reporter interviewing a 104 year old woman and asked ""And what do you think is the best thing about being 104?"" She simply replied, ""No peer pressure."""
"Every time I try to land an Airbus A320 I get insulted....." "... the damn plane yells ""RETARD"" at me twice after I land."
"Dude walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm." "His wife is lying on the bed, reading. He says ""This is the pig I fuck when you have a headache.""

Wife says ""I think you'll find that's a sheep under your arm."" 

Dude says: ""I think you'll find I was talking to the sheep."""
"What's a canada goose's favorite sport?" Honkey
"""Your ass will be kicked by me. Your face will be punched by me. Your eyes will be blackened by me!""" """Dude, why so passive aggressive?"""
"Since I was a kid I've always been told to invest in myself." "After 50 years I'm an index on the Standard &amp; Poors."
"Sex seems off limits during that time of the month..." "How do women keep menstruate?"
"Mental Gymnastics" "I don’t have a drinking problem. It’s a hobby. Some people like to whittle. I like to get smashed"
"Why did the robot cross the road?" "It was programmed by the chicken.

(A joke from one of my mom’s kindergartners)"
"A man was walking past a cemetary in the dead of night." "when he hears a BUMP... BUMP... BUMP... behind him.

Walking faster he looks back, and makes out the image of an upright coffin banging its way down the middle of the street towards him.

BUMP... BUMP... BUMP...

Terrified, the man begins to run towards his home, the coffin bouncing quickly behind him ...

faster... faster... BUMP... BUMP... BUMP...

He runs up to his door, fumbles with his keys, opens the door, rushes in, slams and locks the door behind him.

However, the coffin crashes through his door, with the lid of the coffin clapping...

clappity-BUMP... clappity-BUMP... clappity-BUMP... on the heels of the terrified man.

Rushing upstairs to the bathroom, the man locks himself in.

His heart is pounding; his head is reeling; his breath is coming in sobbing gasps.

With a loud CRASH the coffin starts breaking down the door. Bumping and clapping towards him.

The man SCREAMS and reaches for something heavy, anything .. his hand comes to rest on a large bottle of Robitussin.

Desperate, he throws the cough syrup as hard as he can at the apparition... and...

the coffin stops."
"What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?" Snowballs.
"Most gun duels in the old west could have been prevented." "If only the city planners had made towns big enough for everyone."
"I ate 3.14 Mac computers today" "I reallly like Apple Pi"
"What do you call someone who likes race cars?" "A race car enthusiast, duh"
"My wife kicked me out because she's tired of all of my bad Schwarzenegger references, but..." "I will return"
"I just tied your shoes together!!!" .....................KNOT.
"I always look at the kitchen shelf to see if there's any food left" "Isn't that what they call extreme shelf awareness ?"
"Wearing your mask pulled down beneath your nose actually HELPS other people..." "...estimate your IQ."
"Oh Canada." "How did Canada get its name?

The prime Minister put all the Scrabble letters in a bag and pulled them out one at a time.

It's a C, eh......."
"Wahoo! The Chief mascot of the former Cleveland Indians is dead." "Sorry, that should read:

Wahoo the Chief, mascot of the former Cleveland Indians is dead."
"Jesus christ walked up to the front desk at a Marriott hotel" "He laid three nails on the counter and said, ""can you put me up for the night?"""
"I got the words “jacuzzi” and “Yakuza” confused." "Now I’m in hot water with the Japanese mafia."
"On earth: A magician puts his hand in his hat." " In the rabbit realm: The Hand emerges. It is time. The rabbit council must choose another sacrifice."
"A wealthy Italian" "An Italian husband and wife were having dinner at a very fine restaurant
when this absolutely stunning young woman comes over to their table, gives
the husband a big open-mouthed kiss, then says she'll see him later and
walks away.

The wife glares at her husband and says, ""Who was that?""

""Oh,"" replies the husband, ""she's my mistress.""

""Well, that's the last straw,"" says the wife. ""I've had enough, I want a divorce!""

""I can understand that,"" replies her husband, ""but remember, if we get a
divorce it will mean no more shopping trips to Paris, no more wintering in
Barbados, no more summers in Tuscany , no more Jaguar in the garage and no
more yacht club. No more credit card and large Bank accounts. But.... The
decision is all yours.""

Just then, a mutual friend enters the restaurant with a gorgeous babe on
his arm.

""Who's that woman with Tony?"" asks the wife.

""That's his mistress,"" says her husband.

""Ours is prettier,"" she replies."
Me "I am the joke."
"What do you call a tiny fart with three times the amount of poop?" "Baby shart, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo!"
"What do you called a bad sausage joke?" "The Wurst Joke Ever!"
"A man was using his machinery" "A man was using his machinery alone on a sidewalk, drilling a specially made hole, when he felt something snap. His tool immediately went limp as he bent over, horrified, to observe the damage… 

…he’d severed a critical cable and knocked out power to a whole building. 

Moral of the story: be careful where you stick your jackhammer."
"If I was forced to live on an island and just bring one person with me.." "I would bring Margot Robbie..

My wife hates me now."
"A friend of mine claimed there are no Muslim characters in Super Smash Bros." "I guess she doesn't know that Bomberman is an assist trophy."
"When I tried to force myself to stop making Among Us references, I went into cardiac arrest" "I had to be re-sus-itated."
"Why is fall called fall and spring called spring ?" "It’s because the tree leaves fall in the fall and spring back up in the spring. That’s my joke based on true events."
"What do you give the mass murderer who cured cancer?" "The no-bail prize"
"There was a Priest doing a crossword puzzle. He asked a bishop, “ what’s another word for a women that ends in U N T?”. The bishop said, “that’s easy, it aunt”." "The priest responded, “Bishop do you by any chance happen to have an eraser?”"
"The Futuristic Motel .. and its' special services." "  

A salesman checked into a futuristic motel. Realizing he needed a haircut before the next day's meeting, he called down to the desk clerk to ask if there was a barber on the premises. 

""I'm afraid not, sir,""the clerk told him apologetically, ""but down the hall from your room is a vending machine that should serve your purposes.""

 Skeptical but intrigued, the salesman located the machine, inserted $15.00, and stuck his head into the opening, at which time the machine started to buzz and whirl. Fifteen seconds later the salesman pulled out his head and surveyed his reflection, which reflected the best haircut of his life.

Two feet away was another machine with a sign that read, 'Manicures, $20.00'. ""Why not?"" thought the salesman. He paid the money, inserted his hands into the slot, and the machine started to buzz and whirl. Fifteen seconds later he pulled out his hands and they were perfectly manicured. 

The next machine had a sign that read, 'This Machine Provides a Service Men Need When Away from Their Wives, 50 Cents.' The salesman looked both ways, put fifty cents in the machine, unzipped his fly, and with some anticipation, stuck his manhood into the opening. When the machine started buzzing, the guy let out a shriek of agony and almost passed out. Fifteen seconds later it shut off. 

With trembling hands, the salesman was able to withdraw his member... which now had a button sewn on the end."
"I've got to stop murdering elderly nuns." "Old habits die hard."
"My mother told me never to judge a book by its cover" "I do though. I can't read."
"The nurse" " A man walks into a bar, ends up getting into a horrible bar fight and is lying on the floor injured. ""Don't worry,"" says the bartender, a Red Cross nurse is in the building and is coming to help you.' ""Oh no,"" groans the victim, ""couldn't I have a blonde, cheerful one?"""
"My graffiti-artist girlfriend just left me" "I should have really seen the writing on the wall."
"3 farmers were talking about how they have sex with their sheep. The first one said “I put it’s back legs down my wellies so it can’t run off”. The second said “I put its back legs down my wellies and it’s front legs over a wall, gives a different position”" "The third says “I put its back legs down my wellies, with it facing me and put its front legs over my shoulders”  
“Why do you do that” asked the others, “well, I don’t want to miss out on the kissing”"
"Why was Judge Dredd arrested?" "He broke his arm."
"We were travelling far far away in space. Moving through time faster than the universe itself." " But i still got a traffic ticket in the mail."
"They say if you love something set it free," " but me and my slave both love the dog too much."
"What did the other bugs call the bug who wanted to be an astronaut?" "A LUNAtick"
"A Comedian in Russia." "I was in Russia listening to a stand-up comedian making fun of Putin. The jokes weren't that good, but I liked the execution."
"Settle a debate, is this joke funny?" "What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pile of leaves?

Russell.

What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in front of a door?

Matt.

 What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the ocean?

Bob.

What do you call a dog with no legs?

It doesn’t matter, it can’t come anyway."
"Two nuns are riding bicycles home" "As they take an unusual path one nun states “I’ve never came this way”

The other replies, “me either, must be the cobblestone.”"
"What is a Mexicans favourite game?" "Border crossing"
"I stopped liking my friend after he had to have his feet amputated." "I seem to be lack-toes intolerant.."
"A teacher asked her students." """What does the little chicken give you?""
The students replied, ""Eggs""
""What does the round pig give you?""
""Bacon""
""What does the fat cow give you?""
""Homework"""
"The Little Old Lady." "A little old lady was walking down the street dragging two large plastic
garbage bags behind her. One of the bags was ripped, and every once in
awhile, a $20 bill fell out onto the sidewalk.
Noticing this, a Policeman stopped her, and said, ""Ma'am, there are $20
bills falling Out of that bag.""
""Oh, really? Darn it!"" said the little old lady. ""I'd better go back and
see if I can find them. Thanks for telling me officer..""
""Well, now, not so fast,"" said the cop. ""Where did you get all that
money? You didn't steal it, did you?""
""Oh, no, no"", said the old lady. ""You see, my back yard is right next to
the football stadium parking lot. On game days, a lot of fans come and
pee
through a knot hole in the fence, right into my flower garden. It used
to really tick me off. Kills the flowers, you know.
Then I thought, 'why not make the best of it?' So, now, on game days, I
stand behind the fence by the knot hole, real quiet, with my hedge
clippers. Every time some guy sticks his pecker through my fence, I
surprise him, Grab hold of it and say, 'O.K., buddy! Give me $20, or off
it comes.'
""Well, that seems only fair,"" said the cop, laughing. ""OK. Good luck!
Oh, by the way, what's in the other bag?""
""Well, you know"", said the little old lady, ""not everybody pays."""
"Why do British people pronounce it ""bri'ish""?" "Because after the incident in Boston, they always hide the t"
"My wife is mad at me." "She said if I don't get off the computer she will smash my head into the keyboard. I think it might just be a joke thobfufjebwhhwhf8djfnrk727gdbd eu27y d bc uuehwjw 7 8j"
"Some say that iOS is better, while some say that Android is better. But at the end of the day..." "it is night."
"My dad asked me how was school" "I told him it school"
"My dad asked how was school today" "I told him it school"
"[NSFW] A nurse was dating a Doctor and got pregnant..." "The doctor begged her to keep it a secret and asked her to keep away from public eye.

Nine months later,she came to the hospital for delivery.

At the same moment, a priest was admitted for having a large cyst in his prostate gland .

The doctor had an idea. He sedates the priest under anaesthesia and removes the cyst .

When the priest wakes up, the doctor greets him with the baby and tells that it was a miracle that they found a baby in his prostrate.

The priest being a god fearing man didn't question it and took the baby home.

15 years later,after the baby had grown into a young boy, the priest decided to have a chat with him.

""Tell me , father"" asked the boy.

""Look,son. I'm your mother "" said the priest "" the archbishop is your father""."
"I just finished watching a porn movie with a really emotional story at its core." "It was such a tear jerker."
"Horny shrimp" "What do shrimp watch when they're horny?

Prawnography"
"Sitting next to an old guy at the bar." "He says to me ""When I was 16, I couldn't bend my dick using both hands. Now I'm 73 and I can push it over with my little finger. Does that mean I'm getting stronger?"""
"What do you call a moose with two legs shorter than the others?" Mussolini
"I asked an old man: ""Even after 95 years, you still call your wife 'Darling', 'Honey', 'Love'." "What's the secret?""

The old man replied: ""I forgot her name years ago and I'm scared to ask her!!!!!!"
"Teacher: Use the word Dandelion in a sentence" "Jamaican Student: Da Cheetah is faster Dandelion"
"Grandparents need to STOP having SEX" "BECAUSE, that's how you get AUNTS, people!!"
"It’s Friday night and a young woman gets chatting with a handsome army sergeant in a bar." "After a couple of drinks she asks: “So when was the last time you slept with a real woman then?”

A little taken aback, the sergeant replies “Let’s see...that would have been about 2015”.

With that, the woman takes him home for a thoroughly enjoyable evening. Afterwards she exclaims: “Well sergeant...for somebody who hasn’t had sex since 2015 you certainly haven’t forgotten anything!”.

The man looks at his watch and says: “I should hope not, it’s only 2230!”"
"I asked a politician on a date, and later that night if she could help me better understand trickle down economics." "She asked me if I was wealthy, to which I said no, and so she pissed on me"
"People say I’m an asshole but I’m not" "For example, this one time I saw a kid crying and asked where his parents were. God I love working at the orphanage"
"What starts with “m” and ends in “arriage” and is a man’s favorite thing?" "“Miscarriage”. Hehe, that joke never gets old... Neither does the baby 😐"
"This happened on memorial day" "

This Monday I tried to call customer support, but it took forever to get through. Then I went to the grocery store, only one counter was open, and the line was super long. What’s happening? Suddenly I realized Monday is Memorial Day, so it’s also a half staff day, no wonder it’s understaffed everywhere.

*****************

Hi Americans, if I call May 15, Memorial Day, Sept 11, Dec  7 half staff days (because the flag is at half staff) , does it make any sense?   Does this bit really work? Please let me know , need your help😳"
"I think gays are pretty much all smart people." "They're a homo genius group."
"I’m going on a new diet where all I eat is wildebeest meat" "Sorry, I meant a gnu diet"
"I took a lie detector test once" "No I didn't."
"A man furiously approaches his neighbour and shouts, “Where is your wife!?”" "“Why?” the neighbour asks. “What did Anna do?”

“She tricked my wife into investing in a fake farm for giant snakes,” the man yelled.

“Anna conned her?”

“No. Burmese python.”"
"Why would Mark Zuckerberg be a very good taxi driver?" "You get in the car and he already knows your name and where you live"
"Why is the lgbtq month called pride month?" "Because in the 2000s the other 6 deadly sins were already taken"
"I demanded that my German friend told me what ""nein"" meant." "He kept on saying no."
"A family of moles lived on a farm" "One morning, they wake up to the smell of fresh hot pancakes. The papa mole sticks his head up out of the hole and says ""I smell pancakes!"" The mama mole sticks her head up out of the hole and says ""I smell syrup!"" The baby mole tries to stick his head up out of the hole, but gets stuck behind the other two, so he says ""All I can smell is molasses!"""
"A man goes to the doctor" "and says ""I've got a problem, I have 5 penises."" The doctor says ""Wow, how do your pants fit?"" He replies, ""Like a glove."""
"Chicken or the egg" "I went out dressed like a chicken last night... ... and I met a girl who was dressed like an egg. One thing led to another and the lifelong question was answered: it was the chicken."
"heres to 20,696,969 members." " Sexist guys: Girls belong in the kitchen 

Girl:Hey do you know why girls live longer than boys? 

Sexist guy: No,why? 

Girl: Because the kitchen is were the knifes are kept... 

Sexist guy:\*runs away\*"
"Why did Griffith rape Casca?" "Because he hated her guts."
"What do you call a white hat hacker from Pennsylvania?" "A penn tester"
"What Is Elon Musk's favourite fruit?" **Musk**m**elon**
"Where do Gynecologists get their training?" "...

...

...

Private School"
"Click for a dumb blonde joke..." "A town decides to host the biggest convention in history: a blonde convention.

Blondes from all over the world came to this event to meet some fellow blondes.

The plan was to prove for once and for all that the stereotype of blondes being dumb was a lie. So a big stage was set up in the middle of the convention. And all the blondes gathered ‘round.

A host came on stage and thanked everyone for coming. He then introduced himself and explained that he needed a volunteer to come on stage. Almost everyone in the front rows raised their hands. At last, one was chosen and went up the stage.

“Hello, thanks for volunteering! What’s your name?” the host asked the blonde.

“Jennifer”, the blonde replied.

“Well Jennifer, we are about to make history and prove that blondes are not dumb. To do this, I’m going to ask you some questions and I need you to answer them.”

“Ok, sure”

“The first question is a very easy one... What’s 1+1?”

Without hesitation, the blonde answers “One!”

Thinking it’s a joke, the host laughs. But quickly realizes she was serious. “Umm. I’m sorry, that was incorrect.”

“Oh” said the blonde with a devastated expression on her face.

“Uh but that’s alright. Let’s give her another chance, shall we?”

“ONE MORE CHANCE, ONE MORE CHANCE!!!” the crowd chanted.

“Alright, alright! Let’s give her another chance... what’s 3x3?”

And this time, the blonde thought really hard about it... eventually, she said: “Six!”

After an awkward silence, the host said “I’m afraid that is also wrong”

“ONE MORE CHANCE, ONE MORE CHANCE!!!” the crowd yelled again.

“Oh what the heck, let’s give her ONE more chance... what’s 10+10?”

And this time the blonde REALLY thought about it. At last, she said “Twenty!”

Silence...

“ONE MORE CHANCE!!!”

This joke isn’t that funny when you read it, but put a little emotion when telling it and it’ll be one of the funniest jokes you’ll tell."
"The difference between a stupid person and a pizza" "One is easy to cheat, the other is cheesy to eat."
"What did the puma say when he realized his pa has been gone to get the milk and hasn't returned for hours?" """Um..."""
"What's the difference between introverted and extroverted engineers?" "The extroverted engineer looks at *your* shoes..."
"That's how our Government’s boycott plastic tactic gone wrong!" "Before the decision was taken that if you buy a juice of plastic bottle and if you give the bottle after drinking the juice of it then you’ll get 60% back from the price of the juice bottle! 
And that's how the got backfired: People was importing plastic bottles just to give them to shopkeeper and take their 60% cash of giving plastic bottles!

Now our government launched a new law that if a person found 50+ plastic bottles in his house or in his property then he's going to be charged 1M$ lol!
So dont be rushy in taking decision when you're govt lol! 

(It's a parallel world story)"
"What does a scientist call a hippie commune that has a lot of drama?" "A volatile organic compound.

😏😏😏"
"Someone asked me how being mute was going for me." "Can't complain."
"The FDA just approved some new Medicine for depressed lesbians." "It’s called Trycocksagain"
"Why are white people almost 3 times more likely to own cats than black people?" "Because of the 13th amendment"
"Why are white people almost 3 times as likely to own cats than black people?" "Because of the 13th amendment."
"Doctor's Recommendation" "Doctor: Mr. Smith, I strongly recommend that you stop masturbating.

Mr. Smith: Why, is it detrimental to my health?

Doctor: No, I'm trying to perform a prostate exam."
"I’ve started to invest in stocks." "Beef, chicken, and vegetable. 

One day I hope to be a bouillonaire."
"Long term pain" "During a congress about health care, the speaker asks:
""which food causes extreme suffering, even after years of being eaten?""

After a long silence an elderly raises his hand and replies ""A WEDDING CAKE"""
"A piece of cake" "A poor boy enters the bakery begging for money. An old lady goes ahead and buys him a piece of cake, which he devours.
After that the old lady asks ""boy, what is your name?""
""John"", he replies.
""I just gave you a delicious cake. Do you know what you have to say to me?""
""Yes"", the boy answers, ""give me another""."
"A black motorcycle officer on a deserted country road . . ." ". . . sees a pickup truck roll a stop sign. It's a middle age white guy with a Trump flag flying from the back of the cab. He pulls the guy over, asks for his driver's license, registration and proof of insurance. While the cop is looking over the documents, the guy starts pleading with him, ""Come on Holmes, I slowed down and didn't see anybody coming, so I just rolled on through the intersection. What's the big deal?"". The black motorcycle officer says, ""Here's the big deal, Billy Bob"". Whereupon he grabs him by the neck, drags him out through the window and down on the ground. And then just starts beating the holy crap out of him. He blacks both eyes, knocks out a couple teeth, and the guy's bleeding profusely from his nose when the cop stops beating on him and says, ""I still don't see anybody coming, so now tell me: do you want me to slow down or do you want me to stop?"""
"Salt and Pepper Shakers" "How do you know which is salt and which is pepper?

Look at the holes on top. If it is the letter S, it's salt. If it is the letter P, it's pepper.

Pepper comes out from the P hole and salt comes from the S hole!"
"Mom: I won't pay for your phone bill as long as you live" "Me: call ya in the afterlife"
"What do you call a really good guitarist?" "A Stratomaster"
"What’s the same between a 14 year old pregnant woman and her fetus?" "They’re both thinking, oh $&amp;@!, my mom is going to kill me."
"Wife just asked me to cut down on sexual innuendo" "This is going to be hard, so very hard."
"Electrical Joke- I caught my son..." " ""I caught my son chewing on electrical cords. So I had to ground him. He’s doing better currently and now conducting himself properly."""
"In Arizona, it's illegal to hunt whales. It's land locked." "It's just amazing that the state passed a law to protect joe mama."
"When I was 13, I hoped that one day I would have a girlfriend with big tits." "When I was 16, I got a girlfriend with big tits, but there was no passion, so I decided I needed a passionate girl with zest for life. In college I dated a passionate girl, but she was too emotional. Everything was an emergency; she was a drama queen, cried all the time and threatened suicide. So I decided I needed a girl with stability. When I was 25, I found a very stable girl but she was boring. She was totally predictable and never got excited about anything. Life became so dull that I decided I needed a girl with some excitement. When I was 28, I found an exciting girl, but I couldn't keep up with her. She rushed from one thing to another, never settling on anything. She did mad impetuous things and made me miserable as often as happy. She was great fun initially and very energetic, but directionless. So I decided to find a girl with some real ambition. When I turned 30, I found a smart ambitious girl with her feet planted firmly on the ground, so I married her. She was so ambitious that she divorced me and took everything I owned. I am older and wiser now, and I am looking for a girl with big tits."
"How do you find a pervert? (NSFW)" "Add the nsfw tag"
"What happened to the anti-vaxxer’s 5 year old son?" "Mid-life crisis"
"One day a man is feeling depressed and goes to his therapist for advice." """I just don't know what to do. I don't feel like living anymore."" he said. 

The therapist responded brightly. ""Well I know just the trick for that. You need to be more sexually active."" The man looks at him, confused. ""What especially works for me is banging my wife two to three times a week. It really brings up my mood. You should try it sometime."" 

The man comes back the next week nearly skipping with joy. The therapist notices this and asks him about the sudden change in character. ""So how was it? Are you feeling better?"" He asks.

""Yeah, it was great, boy do you ever have such a nice house!"""
"So there's a paraplegic on a bridge..." "...and a man walks by. She says to him, I have never been hugged before, will you hug me? He approaches and hugs her.

She then says, I have never been kissed before, will you kiss me? He bends down and kisses her.

She then says, I have never been fucked before, will you fuck me? He picks her up and throws her off the bridge, saying, now you're fucked."
"Yo mamma is so skinny..." "Yo mamma is so skinny that she's the twig of the family tree"
"I got a new dog and named her Ammonia." "She's a basic bitch."
"Why do kissing cousins always win the canine cup?" "... because they're best in-breed..."
"Colonoscopy Jokes" "My husband is going to have a colonoscopy done in a couple of weeks. And I figured the best way to put us both at ease is with jokes/puns about the procedure. So if you know of any good ones please share away."
"Joke my grandpa told me." "So a guy walks into a bar and asks the bar tender for three shots. The bar tender asks why 3? The guys says he has 2 brothers. one who lives in England, one who lives in Scotland. He says he has a shot for all 3 of them, so it feels like he’s with the. The bartender give the guy his three shots. The guy continued to do this for a while. One day, the guy comes in and the bartender says, “three shots?” The guy says only two. The bartender asks the guy what happened to his brother, or if he’s ok. The guy says that his brothers are fine, he just quit drinking."
"What does a transgender parent have in common with my father after he goes to get milk?" "They're both transparent"
"What do you call a ghost with a child that identifies as the opposite gender?" Transparent
"Movie really spoke to the schizophrenic in me." "To both of them actually."
"50 walks into a bar in Germany" "The bartender asks him are you German?

He replies: 59!"
"Two guys walked into a bar" "They sit down and are asked what they would like to drink one of them said a beer 
And the other said whiskey and the one who had beer said why are you getting whiskey and he said so when I go back to my wife I won’t have to hear her complain on why I was out so late"
"Invented by me - What is a pirates favorite beer?" PBAaaaarrrrr....
"Everyone knows what they'd do if they had a time machine" "I'd go back to NYC on 9/11/2001, sprint to the financial district and short American Airlines."
"A Scottish man walks into a bakery." "He asks the baker ""is that a cake or a meringue""

The baker replies ""Nah, you're right mate"""
"Two priests and the sexton....." "Two priests in a rural church were finally fedup with their celibate life and decided to hire a hooker. They asked their loyal parish sexton to arrange a local hooker for them.Sexton knew very well that any hired hooker will talk and that will lead to a nasty scandal. So he came up with a plan to keep everything under wraps.He approached the priests and said;""All the hookers here are expensive but I have managed to get one for our price but she won't remove her clothes and you can only take her from behind.Front would be too expensive"".
The priests were okay with those conditions and it was agreed that she would come at midnight.
The senior priest;""Since I am the older one I get to have sex with her first and if you want you can watch us doing it as you wait"".
The younger priest respecting his elder,agreed.
Sexton at night dressed himself as a female and went to the priests' chamber.And the senior priest started his business.He lifted the fork from behind and started pounding.
After some time things started to get too hot and the younger priest could not take it anylonger and yelled;""Whatever your price is, I will pay it but for now I am gonna join"" and with that he jumbed into the bed.
He lifted the fork from the front and suddenly become all red and yelled;""Stop father, you need to stop............""
The senior priest stopped his pounding and sexton cringed as he knew he was caught.
Young priest;""Father please slow down, you have already reached this side........"""
"How do caniballs justify their actions?" [deleted]
"A veteran, a college student, and a creepy clerk walk into a bar...." "The veteran asks the college student, ""what's your body count?""

The college student replies, ""17."" The veteran responds, ""44.""

The college student asks the creepy clerk his body count. The clerk replies, ""19.75"".

The college kid asks the creepy clerk, confused. ""What do you mean .75? ""

The clerk replies, ""I count children as three-quarters of a person""

The veteran responds, ""Wait a sec what do you guys mean by body count?""

The college student replies, ""Body count is the number of people you've had sex with.""

The clerk replies, ""I thought body count was the number of people you had sex with and then killed.""

The veteran responds, ""I thought children counted as only half a person."""
"A veteran, a college student, and a creepy clerk walk into a bar...." [deleted]
"Two Mexicans are riding a car." "-Who's driving the car?

-Police."
"What do you call an underwater town made up of multi-ethnic scuba instructors?" diversity
"What’s the difference between a hormone and an enzyme?" "Well, have you ever heard an enzyme?"
"A woman whose husband was a photographer was quite used to him returning home late almost every day." "On asked why, he'd reply, ""I had to shoot a car crash"" or ""I had to shoot a football game"" or something similar. A friend decided to pay her a visit once. On asking how late her husband would be, she replied, not intending to shock her, ""I don't know... He's gone to shoot the President."""
"Truck driver Mike and the alien" "I'm from Germany, so I hope it doesn't get lost in translation.       
Mike the truck driver is on the highway at night when the radio station he's listening to sends a special report about UFO's and aliens been spotted only a bit in front of him. ""... they're about 4 feet tall with arms reaching the ground. Please be very polite if you meet them to give a proper representation of the human species."" A few minutes later Mike sees colourfull flashing lights next to the street. He stops, gets out of his truck and searches the area. Suddenly  an alien is standing next to a bush , about 4 feet tall with arms reaching the ground. He says "" Excuse me, I'm Mike the truck driver, 45 years old and I'm a human from earth. The creature responds "" Hi Mike, I'm officer Adams and I'm taking a shit, so leave me the f**k alone!!"""
"What do you call a bird that sticks to things?" "A velcrow"
"Three UDP packets walk into a bar" "The first says ""I'll have a beer""
The third says ""I'll have a whisky""
The second says ""I'll have wine""
The  barman asks what they want to drink"
"I educate my kids using r/jokes" "It teaches them that you gain karma by recycling trash."
"Apparently Matt Gaetz’s is pissed that his Twitter account isn’t getting much attention." 
"An inspector goes to a prison’s death row." "The warden tells him, “We punish our inmates humanely based on what crime they committed. Instead of the death penalty, we amputate the body part they committed the crime with.”
The inspector thinks this is a good idea, as it teaches the inmate a lifelong lesson. He sees someone without his right arm, and asks, “What did that man do?”
The warden replies, “Oh, that’s Jeff. He stabbed someone with his right arm, so we amputated it.”
The inspector then sees someone without a leg, and asks about it. The warden replies, “He kicked someone off a roof, so we amputated his leg.”
The inspector looks around some more, and sees someone with all their limbs intact. He asks the warden, “Why didn’t he get amputated?”
The warden replies, “Him? He’s the rapist.”"
"An upcoming director, Tim, is having dinner with two prestigious producers in a fancy restaurant." "The director sees Frank Sinatra in the distance walking into the men's bathroom. The director excuses himself and goes in after him. 

As Frank pees in one of the urinals the director approaches him and says, “Mr Sinatra, I'm sorry to bother you, but there are two producers I'm trying to impress. Could you do me a favor and walk up to our table and say ‘Hey Tim’ so they think I'm a big shot?"" 

Frank reluctantly agrees and Tim goes back to his table. Shortly after, Frank comes out of the bathroom and approaches the table. 

He waves and says ""Hey Tim!”

Without looking up from his menu, Tim says ""Fuck off Frank, I'm in a meeting.”"
"My kid comes up to me and asks..." "Hey mom, if you're sentenced to prison in the court of God, would you need Christian Bale??"
"Did you know that putting ketchup on your glasses makes you see better" "It's because Heinz-sight is 20 20"
"A young California couple took a visiting aunt for a drive…" "A young California couple took a visiting aunt for a drive and pointed out a fig tree as one of the sights.

“Fig tree!” exclaimed the elderly woman. “That can’t be a fig tree.”

“Certainly is,” said her neice. “ What makes you think differently?”

“Well,” said the aunt, subsiding a little, “I just thought… surely … the leaves must be bigger than that?”

— Toledo Blade"
"Think about this for a moment." "The older a male gets the smaller his balls get. As a young lad he plays with a beachball. Then he gets older and he plays with a basket ball. Then with a soft ball and then a baseball. Then he becomes old and he plays with golf balls. The proof is in the bag."
"If you don’t like triceratops..." [deleted]
"A man just got a car for his wife." "Now that's what you call fair trade."
"My favorite question on the job interview with millenial is" "What do you want to become after the burnout?"
"My wife hates my chef knife because it’s too sharp" "I guess that’s what you call blade profiling."
"My wife told me that she doesn’t want to use my chef knife because is too sharp" [deleted]
"Here is an actual sign posted in a golf club." "1. Back straight, knees bent.
2. Feet shoulder width apart.
3. Form a loose grip.
4. Keep your head down!
5. Stay out of the water.
6. Try not to hit anyone.
7. If you are taking too long, let others go ahead of you.
8. Don't stand directly in front of others.
9. Quiet please while others are preparing.
10. Don't take extra strokes.

Well done. Now,  flush the urinal and go outside and tee off."
"What do you call an expired cucumber?" [deleted]
"During a battle with Bowser Luigi loses an eye" "Lugi was never the same."
"I'm desperately looking for my wife's killer..." "
I'm desperately looking for my wife's killer...
...its been 2 years already and no one wants to do it."
"What would you call a Texas robot?" "Tex Mechs."
"What did the millipede say to the centipede?" [deleted]
"where do witches sleep?" "in a bed broom"
"Coulda, Shoulda, and Didn't walked into a bar..." "They failed to Read The Ducking' Manual."
"Shopkeeper receives flowers at the opening of his new store..." " And the card says ""Rest In Peace"". So he calls up the florist, angry, and she says, ""Sir, at least you weren't the one who got flowers at your wife's funeral that said, 'Congratulations on the new location.'"""
"Shoulda, Coulda, and Didn't walked into a bar..." [deleted]
"A man told me, ""Who uses Skype in 2021? /s""" "And I said, ""Not Bill gates and his Wife!"""
"I tried playing Pokemon in a browser based emulator but I couldn't get through any of the caves..." "*Adobe stopped supporting Flash beginning December 31, 2020 (“EOL Date”), as previously announced in July 2017.*"
Sushi "A woman goes up to the Sushi counter and asks the guy serving ""Do you have fish balls""?

And he says ""No, just normal size""."
"A woman walks into a store..." "... asking ""Don't you have meat?"". And the clerk replies ""We don't have fish. The store that doesn't have meat is across the street."""
"My girlfriend said she'll leave me if I don't support LGBTQ" "That's a bit of a red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet flag."
"Why did Kenobi go into seclusion on Tatooine?" "So he could be the Obi-Wan there."
"What's the difference between a piano, a bucket of glue and a tuna fish?" "You can tune a piano but you can't tune a fish.

Oh the glue you ask. I knew you'd get stuck on that."
"What rash is commonly found on houses?" Shingles.
"Illiterate people ofen confuse me." "I knew someone that replaced the word ""idea"" with ""ideal"" and it drove me insane.

I tried to explain the difference to him but the ideal of being wrong just didn't sit well with him. It wasn't an idea situation"
"What’s better than roses on your piano?" "Tulips on your organ."
"If i ever have children..." "Ill name them attention, so my child gets paid, however if I get twin daughters ill name one ""Kate"" and the other ""Duplicate"""
"A bloefly goes into a bar and asks..." "... is that stool taken?"
"Why did the salmon cross the road?" "To get to the other tide."
"Rules of Hell" "A guy come to hell and rings the bell. Door opens and  
he: ""Ohh, wow, I am very surprise that the Boss opens the door himself. ""

Lucifer: ""That is normal here as I have to explain the rules to you.""

Guy: ""So what is it, what do I have to do ?""

Lucifer: ""Well listen very carefully. On Mondays we relax, we do not do anything that day. On Tuesdays there is Barbecue all around and big party. On Wednesdays we relax as we drunk too much on Tuesdays - so to get sober again we do not do anything on Wednesdays.""

Guy: ""Ok, sounds very interesting.""

Lucifer: ""And Thursdays is a very important day. The whole day of Thursday we watch Sports.""

The guy is pretty relaxed and can't wait to get in.

Lucifer: ""Ohh, just one more question: 'Are you gay' ?""

Guy: ""No, I am not""

Lucifer: ""Ohh well, you will not like our Fridays than."""
"What do the movies *Titanic and *The *Sixth *Sense have in common?" "*Icy* *dead* *people*"
"A woman approaches a man wearing a velvet suit sitting in a fairly crowded bar. “Hi, my name is Carmen because I’m into cars and men.” says the woman in a flirtatious tone." "The man, seemingly sloshed, looks at her and says, “Hey I’m BeerPussy, can I get you a drink?”"
"Though I enjoy the sport, I would never date a tennis player." "Love means nothing to them"
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" Pilgrims.
"Little Johnny" "An insurance officer comes to a farm and meets Little Johnny and asks, 

""Hello, are your parents home by any chance?"" 

Little Johnny: ""My parents were run over by the tractor ..."" 

Insurance officer: ""Really? That's awful! Are your siblings at home?"" 

Little Johnny: ""Run over by the tractor ..."" 

Insurance officer: ""Oh my God! That's terrible! Are your grandparents or your uncles or aunts or any of your relatives at home?"" 

Little Johnny: ""No! All of them run over by the tractor ..."" 

Insurance officer: ""What are you doing all day then?"" 

Little Johnny: ""Drive the tractor!"""
"I phoned my personal trainer and said that I can't drive to the gym today." """Flat tyre?"" he asked.

""Not quite,"" I replied.

""Oh..."" he added. ""Fat liar."""
"This arrogant fellow approached me in the pub." """I'm challenging you,"" he said, chest puffed out.

""What's the challenge?"" I asked.

""If you can finish your drink quicker than me, you get to sleep with my wife,"" he replied, pointing to the table where she sat.

""OK then,"" I told him, ""but make mine a double."""
"UK police today arrested a man for shooting a starting pistol at someone." "They are treating the offence as race related."
"What do you call a Prostitute in a small town in Germany?" "In and Out Berg Whore"
"How to win a waterfight:" "Step 1: boil the kettle"
"On my way to basic training our bus driver told me this to lighten the mood." "So there was these 2 gay dudes at their house and they was both taking a shower together, things were getting pretty frisky in the shower and they was really going at it. The phone starts to ring and the one dude says “hang on I’m gonna answer that, don’t cum till I get back!” He finishes the phone call and when he got back, the shower was covered in jizz. He said “I said don’t cum till I get back?!” And the other guy said “I didn’t cum, I farted.”"
Test 
"My grandpa told me this joke years ago…" "You know those really old farm tractors that farmers use to have to turn a big crank around to start? Did anyone ever tell you about how the old farmer that had no legs or no arms used to start his? 

(That’s the end, use your imagination)"
"A man was visiting a small desert town" 
"Doctor asked for a urine sample, stool sample and sperm sample..." "So I gave him my underwear."
"On the wisdom of King Solomon" "This Driver has Solomon's Wisdom

Two women in a bus were fighting bitterly over the last seat available.

The conductor already tried to intervene but to no avail. So the driver shouted, ""Let the ugly one take the seat!""

Both women stood for the rest of the journey."
"Only Canadians" "two Newfies are discussing a stranger. ""Ya think e comes from away then?"" ""Course! no one from the island rides a moose like that side saddle!"""
"Engineers and managers on train" "(obligatory, English is my second language, so expect some mistakes) 

Group of engineers and managers are going to a conference and they're travelling by train. Managers bought one ticket each while whole engineers group has single ticket. Managers laught at them for not planning properly, but engineers just ignore them. 

All of the sudden one of the engineers shout ""train conductor is coming"" and all engineers rush to the bathroom and lock themselves. After conductor validate tickets for managers, he notice that the bathroom is in use, so he knock on the door and say ""ticket please"". Ticket appears under the door, so conductor thinking, there is single person there validate it and push it back.

On the return trip, managers all the wiser bought single ticket. But engineers didn't buy any ticket this time. Managers were laughing at them hard, saying that now they are really screwed, because what would they do, if conductor came?

And suddenly one of the engineers yelled ""train conductor is coming this way"". Engineers stayed at their place, but as managers heard that, they all hide in the bathroom. Shortly after one of the engineers comes to the bathroom, knock and says ""ticket please"" and from under the door valid ticket appears for engineers to use.


And what's the lesson here? That managers often try to use engineers solution without understanding them and fail."
"I'll have it my way..." "A friend suggested putting horse manure on my strawberries...I'm never doing that again. I'm going back to whipped cream."
"Some people say I'm self centered" "But that's enough about them."
"Why wouldn’t the republicans vote to impeached Trump?" "They always insist you carry a baby to full term. 

What’s surprising is they are actually taking care of this one afterwards."
"Yo Momma is so stupid" [deleted]
"What does a buffalo tell his son when he leaves him" Bison
"Who is the only stripper to die while doing their job." Jesus
"Did you hear Hellen Kellers birthday was two days ago…" "She didn’t hear either"
"""What you're looking for is already inside you""" "- I said to myself while raiding the fridge at midnight..."
"I can't believe that my cheating girlfriend kicked me out of the house." "All because her husband came back from the army."
"Feminists want to be treated equally" "to the pretty ones."
"Vin Diesel wants the next Fast and Furious movie to be a musical." "It’s called “*Jesus Christ, Supercar!*”"
"Rodney Dangerfield needed some help getting everyone to the party on time but he was out on his yacht with everyone in his family except for one and couldn’t get home in time - but I was there waiting in the limo." "So I took his wife."
"#28736 This lady goes into a lawyer’s office..." "... and asks the lawyer, “Excuse me, how much do you charge?”

The lawyer responds: “I charge one thousand dollarydoos to answer three questions.”

“Oh my word – That’s a bit expensive, isn’t it?”

“That's right. So what's was your third question?”"
"Forest Gump dies and goes to Heaven" "The day finally arrived: Forrest Gump dies and goes to heaven. He is at the Pearly Gates, met by St Peter himself.

St Peter says, ""Well Forrest, it's certainly good to see you. I must inform you that the place is filling up fast and we've been administering an entrance examination for everyone. The test is short and you have to pass before you can get into heaven.""

The questions are:
1) What days in the week begin with the letter T?
2) How many seconds are there in a year?
3) What is God's first name?

Forrest says, ""Well the first one- how many days in the week begin with the letter T? That is a easy one. That'd be Today and Tomorrow."" 

St Peter opened his eyes wide and said, ""Forrest that's not what I was thinking... but I will give you credit for that answer. How about the next one,"" He asked, ""How many seconds in a year?"" 

""Now that is harder!"" says Forrest, ""but I think and thunk and I guess the only answer could be twelve."" 

Astounded, St Peter says, ""Twelve? Twelve? Forrest, how could you come up with twelve seconds in a year?"" 

""There's gotta be twelve,"" he said, ""January 2nd, February 2nd, March the second."" 

""Hold it,"" interrupts St Peter, ""I see where you are going with this, and I'll have to give you credit for that one too."" 

Lets go on with the last and final question,""Can you tell me God's first name?"" 

""Sure,"" Forrest replied, ""It's Andy."" 

""Andy?"" exclaimed an exasperated and frustrated St Peter, ""OK I can understand how you came up with your answers to the first two questions, but just how in the world did you come up with the name of Andy as the first name of God?"" 

""That was the easiest one of all,"" Forrest replied. 

""ANDY WALKS WITH ME,
ANDY TALKS WITH ME,
ANDY TELLS ME I AM HIS OWN.""

St Peter opens the Pearly Gates and said, ""Run Forrest, run!"
"Do you think you know more parrot jokes than me?" "Toucan play that game."
"Why do lesbians only shop at Academy?" "Cause they hate Dick’s"
"The lone Stranger walks into a bar." "The bartender says, ""What'll you have stranger?""
The Stranger answers, ""No need for formalities, just call me Lone."""
"Having sex in an elevator is a lot like taking hard drugs" "You get fucked up, before a big cum down."
"My dentist was cleaning my teeth and told me to open up more." "I told him I hadn’t seen my father in three years."
"A parrot that can speak in 5 languages." "A guy goes into a pet shop and tells the owner that he needs a pet for his mother. The guy says that Mom lives alone and could really use some company. 

Pet shop guy says, ""I have just what she needs. A parrot that can speak in 5 languages. She'll have a lot of fun with that bird."" 

The guy says he'll take the parrot and makes arrangement to have the bird delivered to his Mom.

A few days pass and the man calls his mother. ""Well Mom, how did you like that bird I sent?""

She says, ""Oh son, he was delicious!""

Aghast, the guys says, ""Mom, you ate that bird? Why, he could speak 5 languages!"" 

Mom says, ""well, he shoulda said something."""
"An elderly man, Carl, moves into a retirement home." "He's being shown around by Alan, a resident who has been there a little longer. As they tour the facilities, Alan shows him the library, the cafeteria, the gardens, and all of the other areas and amenities.

They're walking down a hall, when all of a sudden Carl hears laughter coming from one of the rooms.

""What's that?"" asks Carl.

""Oh, that's the assembly room. It sounds like they're having another joke telling session.""

They enter the room, and Carl sees a crowd of about 30 or 40 people all seated in chairs. One person stands up and shouts ""112"" and the crowd erupts in laughter. Alan is laughing as well. Another person stands up and shouts ""76"" and again, the crowd is just rolling.

""What's going on? I don't understand."" says Carl.

""Well, you see, we've all been here so long, we've heard every joke everybody knows. So after a while, we simply catalogued all 284 jokes and assigned each one a number. Now, if someone wants to tell a joke, they simply say the assigned number and everyone remembers the joke and the punch line. Saves us a lot of time, as none of us really knows how long we have left.""

""Can I try?""

""Sure, go ahead.""

""158"" shouts Carl.

The crowd sits in silence. Carl looks at Alan, who encourages him. ""Go ahead, try another one.""

""37""

Again, nothing. Carl looks over at Alan. ""I don't understand... Nobody's laughing.""

""Well, you know how it is with jokes,"" responds Alan, ""some people can tell them, and some people can't."""
"Becoming vegan was a big meat stake" 
"Which number was in bed with a cannibal" "5. Coz 5 had 6 with 7 and 7 8 9."
"Which song represents a frozen dead body on the ocean floor?" "What you know 'bout rolling down in the deep? When the brain goes numb, you can call that mental freeze."
"My six year old made her own joke and is so proud" "What’s a chicken’s favorite music?

Bach Bach"
"A little boy and his grandfather are raking leaves." "The boy sees a worm trying to crawl into an anthill. ""I bet fifty bucks that I can get that worm into that anthill!"" says the boy. ""You're on,"" says the grandfather. ""That worm is too wiggly.""

The boy runs into the house, comes back with a can of hairspray, and sprays it on the worm until the worm is as straight and stiff as a board. The old man pays his grandson fifty dollars.

At dinner time, the man gives the boy another fifty dollars. ""I though you already gave me my fifty bucks!"" says the boy. ""I did,"" says the grandfather. ""This is from your granny.""﻿"
"Why did 4 divorce 5?" "Because 5 had 6 with 7."
"Germany in the football world cup" "In 2018, they didn't get out of the group staged, which was their worst performance in Russia since 1943, but at least they made it to Moscow.

In 2014, they won in Brazil, which isn't the first time the Germans were having a good time in south America!"
"what do Koreans eat whenever they feel sorry?" "Mian Mian noodles."
"Have you ever tried fentanyl?" "Fentanyl this dick in your ass"
"Owning a house is like the music of Bill Withers." "When you move in it’s like “Lovely Day”, but after a few years it’s more like “Lien On Me”."
"What did a bunch of boisterous bulimics order at the restaurant?" "I don't remember, but I told them to keep it down."
"Why did the road anger the chicken?" "Because it's constantly cross."
"Wendy's and Philippines have in common" "2 teens for 5$"
"“Fine, I’ll let you eat my ass.”" "“Thanks, honey. Let me get the knife and fork.”"
"Fridge for sale..." "It doesnt work but you can use it as a wardrobe."
"What do you call a robotic horse?" "A woahh-bot"
"I recognized gays and lesbians as failures" "Coz they don't have straight ambitions In life"
"A 60 year old man named Bill goes to get his physical." "When his doctor is finished, he shakes his head.  ""Bill, you're a 60 year old man, you have the body of a guy in his 40's.  You're in better health than most patients I see.  I have to ask - how old was your dad when he died?""

""WHAT?"", Bill bellows, ""Who says Dad's dead?""  The doctor starts to stammer an apology, but Bill continues, ""He's 82, still working, and is also in great shape!  He's entering a weightlifting competition in August!""

""That's amazing,"" the doctor replies.  ""So then, how old was your grandfather when he passed?""

""WHAT?"", Bill roars again, ""Who said Grampa's dead?  He's 109, runs Meals on Wheels for people decades younger than him, he owns a sailboat, and he's getting married to a 30 year old woman next month!""

The doctor is floored.  ""That's impressive, Bill.""  He pauses.  ""I still have a question though.  Why would a guy who's 109 want to get married to a 30 year old woman?""

""HA!"" Bill chortles.  ""Who said he WANTED to get married?"""
"New study shows the average person has 8 sexual partners in their life." "However it is being criticized for counting you mom who has sex with 30 new people a day and is therefore a statistical outlier."
"Why did the Mexican walk into the emergency room?" "He wanted to deal with HIS PANIC attacks"
"A woman goes to Dr. Johnson to increase..." "...the size of her breasts. Dr. Johnson gives her a series of rhythmic arm movements to do and tells her to also repeat “If I do this like I must, I will increase my bust”.
Additionally she must do the exercises twice a day at 10am and 2pm. After two weeks she sees improvement and so she does both religiously at 10 and 2. 
One day, she is in the produce aisle of a supermarket at 2pm. The aisle is deserted except for a little old man at the end of the aisle so she decides to do the exercises and says out loud “If I do this like I must, I will increase my bust”.  The little old man comes up to her and said says “ You go to Dr. Johnson, you go to Dr. Johnson!”
She asks “ How do you know?”  He swings his hips from side to side and says “Hickory Dickory Dock!”"
"How do you steal from a fence?" "You picket's pockets"
"How many rednecks does it take to screw in a light bulb?" "Well if the ""light bulb"" is a cousin then I guess they all screw it."
Gas "I farted in the Wal-Mart grocery line and I'm in the middle."
"Lincoln, Do the Thing!!! (4th of July Joke)" "So, it's the 4th of July night and all the dead presidents are gathered around a campfire having a party. They're drinking and eating and just generally having a grand ol' time when President Washington puts President Lincoln on the spot.

W: ""Hey, heyyyy, Lincoln, do that thing you do!

L: ""What now? What thing?""

W: ""Lincoln, do the thing!  The speech! You know, the thing!!!!""

L: ""Ohhh, yeah, the speech. Yeah, that thing. Nah, I can't. Can't remember the words.""

W: ""Whaddya mean you can't remember the words??? It's the speech; you've said it a million times!!! You've got that like burned in your brain, right?!!""

L: ""Well, yeah, normally, sure, I've got it memorized, but that was four s'mores and seven beers ago!!!"""
"What's the difference between a mercenary and a missionary?" "Not much, they both introduce people to God."
"I met the most unpleasant horse girl this evening..." "What a nightmare!"
"How does a non-binary person kill somebody?" They/them
"I had to tell my wife that I lost all our money in a cock fight" "That sounded much better than male prostitute"
"How many push-ups can chuck norris do?" "All of them"
"A man walks into a bar and meets a nice girl" "The man walks over the girl and says ""Hey. You look good. I'm John. What's your name?""

The girl giggles and responds ""I'm Stacy. Wanna come over to my place?""

The man agrees, and once at her house, he sees a framed photo of a man.

""Is this your father?"" John asks. She giggles and says ""No""

""Then your brother, right?"" He asks. ""Nope."" she says

""Then who is it?"" He asks. Stacy replies ""Thats me before the operation"
"The German reindeer letter delivery service had to shut down because every message got delivered twice" "It was a Reh-Post"
"A teacher asks a student to ""name two animals peculiar to Australia""" "He responds with ""The polar bear and penguin are peculiar to Australia, but the kangaroo and dingo live there."""
"Have you heard of the Texan Olympics? They just announced this year's top three categories" "&amp;#x200B;

* King of the Hillbillys
* Cornfield Hockey
* and Capture the Fag"
"(Dark Humor) What's the difference between a baby and an onion?" "A baby doesn't make you cry when you cut it..."
"David received a parrot for his birthday." "This parrot was fully grown with a bad attitude and worse vocabulary. Every other word was an expletive. Those that weren't expletives were, to say the least, rude. David tried hard to change the bird's attitude and was constantly saying polite words, playing soft music; anything that came to mind. Nothing worked. He yelled at the bird, the bird got worse. He shook the bird and the bird got mad- der and ruder. 

Finally, in a moment of desperation, David put the parrot in the freezer. For a few moments he heard the bird squawking, kicking and screaming and then, suddenly, all was quiet. David was frightened that he might have actually hurt the bird and quickly opened the freezer door. 

The parrot calmly stepped out onto David's extended arm and said: “I'm sorry that I offended you with my language and actions. I ask for your forgiveness. I will try to check my behaviour…” David was astounded at the bird's change in attitude and was about to ask what changed him when the parrot continued, “May I ask what the chicken did?”"
Caught "My girlfriend is disgusted with me.

I guess eating a Baby Ruth whilst cleaning the toilet was not a good look."
"What's the opposite of KIA?" Nokia
"What do you call a gay cow?" "Dairy Queen"
"I used to wonder why my history teachers loved to teach about the Roman Empire so much. I think I get it now." "They both hate vandals and goths."
"This is the biggest joke of all time" ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
"My White waitress thinks all Chinese people look alike and gave my food to the wrong customer" "Wait. Never mind. That wasn't my waiter."
"What do you call somebody that doesn't speak one's native language?" Irish.
"Russian Roulette is pretty easy" "Just ask anyone who’s played it, they all say they won"
"My friend hates it when I answer with “I know”" "He told me “My Girl is amazing in Bed” I said, “I know”."
"What name has a bot who loves music?" "Bit bot!"
"How to swear like an Irishman..." """Whale oil beef hooked!"""
"He kept asking me to show him a pic of my puppies" "So I sent him 100 GB of my dogs"
"There is only one thing flat-Earthers fear" "And it’s sphere itself"
"The Imperial March has a different name in Europe." "In Europe it's the Metric Constitutional."
"An elderly gentleman goes to his.." "doctor for a physical, checked his bloodwork, heart and lungs, everything looks great! The doctor said he had one more test to perform. He needed the man to go home to collect a sperm sample in this jar to see how his reproductive health is.

The old man says no problem with a smile.

The next morning, the man returns and the doctor greets him. He hands the doctor the empty jar. The doc asked what happened?

The old man begins ""You see, I came home, and first tried with my right hand. And then with my left. I tried with both hands and still nothing... I asked my wife for help. She tried with her right hand, then her left, and then both, still nothing. Then she tried with her mouth, first teeth in then teeth out... Still nothing.

We decided to call over our neighbor, lovely young woman, helps us out time to time. She said she would come over to help. She tries with her right hand, then her left. With both... She tried with her mouth, first teeth in then teeth out, she even stuck it between her knees....""

The doctor cut him off... ""YOU ASKED YOUR NEIGHBOR?!""

Old man simply responds, ""Well yes, None of us could get the Jar open!!!"""
"A little old lady walks into the Bank of Canada..." "with a bag of money. She insists that she must speak with the president of the bank.

She tells the bank president that she has accumulated several hundred thousand dollars over the years and would like to open a trust in the bank.

The president is curious, so he asks her, ""Where did you get all this money?"" The old lady replies, ""I make bets.""

The president then asks, ""Bets? What kind of bets?""

The old woman says, ""Well, for example, I'll bet you $25,000 that your balls are square.""

""Ha!"" laughs the president, ""That's ridiculous -- you can never win that kind of bet!""

The old lady challenges, ""So, would you like to take my bet?""

""Sure,"" says the president, ""I'll bet $25,000 that my balls are not square!""

The little old lady says, ""OK. I'll bring my lawyer with me tomorrow at 10 a.m. as a witness, and we'll see.""

The next morning, the little old lady appears with her lawyer at the president's office. ""OK,"" she says, ""Time to drop your pants and settle this bet.""

The president complies. The little old lady peers closely at his balls and asks if she could feel them. ""Well, OK,"" says the bank president, ""since there's so much money on the line.""

Just then, the lawyer starts banging his head against the wall. The president asks the old lady, ""What the hell's the matter with your lawyer?""

She replies, ""I bet him $50,000 that at 10 a.m. today, I'd have the president of the Bank of Canada's balls in my hand."""
"My wife caught me..." "jerking off to an optical illusion. I said, ""babe it's not what it looks like!""."
"What do call it when poop gets stuck to a reindeer’s ass?" Jingleberries
"A man is washing his car with his son…" "His son asks, “Can’t you just use a sponge?”"
"A group of moles are hibernating for the winter in a burrow by a small farm on the countryside" "One morning, one of the moles pops his head out of the hole.

“I smell maple syrup in the air!” Says the mole, “every start of spring the farmer’s wife cooks pancakes. It’s time for us to leave!”

The mole leaves the burrow. And a second mole sticks his head out.

“He’s onto something, guys!” Says the second mole, “I don’t smell maple syrup but the air is sure ripe with strawberry syrup.”

The second mole leaves. Finally, a third mole pops his head out of the hole and sniffs around. With a perplexed look, he shrugs and starts to leave.

“Do you smell any syrup out there too?” Ask the remaining moles in the burrow.

“No.” Says the exiting mole, “but we’ve been in this hole so long that it smells like molasses in here”

Note: I’ve posted this joke before but I’m hoping since it’s my cake day you’ll all get me some more upvotes this time."
"A guy lost his finger in an accident at work." "When he got to the hospital he called his wife and said ""Hey honey I'm OK but I cut my finger off at work"".

 ""The whole finger?"" she asked 

""No"" he replied, ""the one next to it."""
"I've just applied for a job in a salad packing factory." "The hours are terrible, but apparently the celery is good."
"An inconsolable wife is rushed into the operating room..." "Surgeon: ""Ma'am! I think we may be able to save your husbands arm.

Wife: ""Really?! Oh my god yes!!!""

Surgeon: ""Right. Where would you like it sent?"""
"Bees die after mating. That's basically their whole life." "Honey. Nut. Cheerio."
"Bees doe after mating. That's basically their whole life." [deleted]
"My life is a joke" "Wait nevermind, jokes have meaning"
"A martial arts instructor sees one of his students heading in to a nunnery,he thinks I will mention it to him at our next class." "The next class he says to the man. “I seen you heading in to the nunnery the other day there. “ The man replied.  “ I was just practicing my nunchucks”"
"A young conservative man went on Reddit and pretended to be liberal to fit in." "His family has been accusing him of getting fraudulent upvotes for almost a year now."
"What did the elephant say to the naked man?" "It’s cute, but can you really breathe through that thing?"
"What do you call a scared Dwayne Johnson?" "The Petrified"
"What's the similarity between India and a child?" "Michael Jackson came in both of them"
Elephant "What did the elephant say to the naked man?

It’s cute, but can you really breathe through that thing?"
"I once took a class on how to write jokes" "But I dropped it after the lesson the setups. I mean the professor was so old…"
"Once upon a time in the Caribbean..." "Two prawns were swimming around. The first one was called Justin and the second one was called Kristian. They were continually being chased and threatened by the sharks that inhabited the area.

Eventually Justin had had enough. He said to Kristian, ""I'm fed up with being a prawn. I wish I was a shark, and then I wouldn't have to worry about being eaten all the time.""

As he said this, a large mysterious cod appeared and said, ""Your wish is granted!""

And believe it or not, with that Justin turned into a fearsome shark.

Kristian was horrified and so immediately swam away as he was scared of being eaten by his old friend.

As time went by, Justin found his new life as a shark to be boring and lonely. None of his old friends would let him get near them as they thought he would eat them and so they just swam away whenever he approached.

It took a while, but eventually Justin realized that his new menacing appearance was the cause of his sad plight.

Then one day he was swimming all alone as usual when he saw the mysterious cod again. He thought it'd be better if he could go back to his old life so he swam to the cod and begged to be changed back. The cod worked his magic and suddenly Justin was a prawn once more.

With tears of joy streaming down his cheeks Justin swam straight to Kristian's home.

As he opened the coral gate, the happy memories came flooding back. He banged on the door and shouted, ""Kristian, it's me, Justin, your old friend. Come out and see me again.""

Kristian replied, ""No way! You're a shark now and you'll just eat me. I'm not being tricked into being your dinner.""

Justin shouted back ""No, I'm not a shark any more. That was the old me. I've changed...

I've found Cod. I'm a prawn again Kristian."""
"Are there different days for Sugar Daddy or are they celebrated at the same time?" 
"How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?" none.
"My wife hates it when I show her old pictures of what she used to wear." "She has post traumatic dress disorder."
"I recently flew to Africa to do some charity work." "It was an eye-opening, shocking experience.
The poverty, the starvation, the fighting.... the *smell*, the noise....

I am never flying economy again."
"About the chicken and a donkey" "On the farm lived a Chicken and a Donkey, both of whom loved to play together.   One day, the two were playing when the Donkey fell into a bog and began to sink. Scared for his life, the donkey 'hee-hawed' for the chicken to go get the Farmer for help! 
Off the Chicken ran, back to the farm. Arriving at the farm, he searched and searched for the Farmer, but to no avail, for he had gone to town with the only tractor.  Running around, the chicken spied the Farmer's new Z-3 silver BMW. 
Finding the keys in the ignition, the chicken started the beautiful motor car and sped off with a length of rope, hoping he still had time to save his friend's life.  Back at the bog, the Donkey was surprised, but happy, to see the  Chicken arrive in the shiny BMW, and he managed to get a hold of the loop of rope the Chicken tossed to him.   After tying the other end to the rear bumper of the Farmer's car, the Chicken then drove slowly forward and, with the aid of the powerful car, rescued the Donkey! 
Happy and proud, the Chicken drove the BMW back to the farmhouse, and the Farmer was none the wiser when he returned. The friendship between the two animals was cemented: best buddies, best pals. 
A few weeks later, would you believe, the Chicken fell into a mud pit, and soon, he too, began to sink and cried out to the Donkey to save his life!  The Donkey thought for a moment, walked over, and straddled the large puddle. Looking underneath, he told the Chicken to grab his Willie and he would then lift him out of the pit. The Chicken got a good grip, and the Donkey pulled him up and out, saving his life. 

And the moral of the story?

When you're hung like a donkey, you don't need a BMW to pick up a chick."
"I want to tell you about a vegan girl." "You’ve probably never heard of herbivore."
"My friends used to laugh at me when I told them that I wanted to become a comedian" "I am a comedian today and nobody is laughing"
"What do you call a dog with no legs?" "It doesn’t matter what you call it, it won’t come"
"What did Moses do to wake up in the morning?" "Hebrewed some coffee."
"School shooting jokes" "I’m a school shooting survivor (the Parkland massacre) and I hate it when people who have never been through it make school shooting jokes. However, I think they’re funny asf. Like I survived that shit so I *get* to make them.

I am giving you guys 1 (one) pass. Please tell me your best school shooting joke. Bonus points if it’s Parkland themed.

Here’s one of my favorites: how do Broward Sheriffs romance girls? By telling them they like long walks behind bushes during school shootings

Important: I support #NoNotoriety. Do not post using shooter’s names. If you need to specify, either say the ____ shooter, or by their inmate number"
"I was going to make a joke about gravity," "but I eventually dropped it."
"The Human mouth is amazing. It can suck, blow, create a vacuum , is water tight...." "And can create and infinite amount of shit!"
"I once took a class on how to write jokes" "But I dropped it after the lesson on the jokes. The professor was so old…"
"In the next few months, Jeff Bezos plans to go into space. There he will be forced to stay inside a small metal room and piss in a tube." "I guess he is just trying to relate to his employees."
"I bought 2 pieces of meat." "And Ben 10."
"What do you call the fear of Vietnamese soup noodles?" pho-bia
"How do you eat a fish?" 
"What do Yoda say when he saw himself on a 4K tv?" HDMI
"What do you call bad fruits and vegetables?" Gross-eries
"A cop pulls over a stoner." "Cop: How high are you?

Stoner: No officer, It's ""*Hi, how are you?*"""
"What's a politician's favourite colour?" Plaid
"A prosthetic technician got bored one afternoon..." "Sitting at his desk while working on a replacement ear for a patient, the technician decided to play around with the molds and shapes. 

Finding entertainment in making small animals, his supervisor arrived to inspect his progress. 

The technician asked, ""what do you think about my little menagerie of animals?""

Supervisor replied, ""I think it is a little Ear-Elephant, but you really should get back to work.""

I'll see myself out."
"I asked the flight attendant on the plane if I could join the mile high club." "She replied back,  "" Sir, we don't offer that service, we are Virgin Airlines""."
"Buddy at work asks me ""what state would you move to?"" I said ""Maine""..." "He replies back with ""I'd move to your prostate"".

Edit: sorry for the gay dad joke"
"Arguing with your wife…" "is like reading a software licensing agreement.

In the end you just ignore everything and click “I agree”."
Discount "Does anyone know a great way to get ice off a windshield? I tried using my discount card, but I only got 30% off."
"The man wearing a turban next to me on the plane is making me really uncomfortable." [deleted]
"A wife decides to take her husband, Dave, to a strip club for his birthday." "&amp;#x200B;

They arrive at the club and the doorman says, ""Hey, Dave! How ya doin'?""

His wife is puzzled and asks if hes been to this club before.

""Oh no,"" says Dave. ""Hes on my bowling team.""

When they are seated, a waitress asks Dave if hed like his usual and brings over a Budweiser.

His wife is becoming increasingly uncomfortable and says,""How did she know that you drink Budweiser?""

""Shes in the Ladies Bowling League, honey. We share lanes with them.""

A stripper then comes over to their table, throws her arms around Dave, and says ""Hi Davey. Want your usual table dance, big boy?""

Daves wife, now furious, grabs her purse and storms out of the club.

Dave follows and spots her getting into a cab. Before she can slam the door, he jumps in beside her.

He tries desperately to explain how the stripper must have mistaken him for someone else, but his wife is having none of it.

She is screaming at him at the top of her lungs, calling him every name in the book.

The cabby turns his head and says, ""Looks like you picked up a real bitch tonight, Dave."
"I think we all wanted a break" "The year is 2020 in February. You hate your job. You want a week off of your job. 
Pandemic strikes.
You have not had a job for over a year now"
"Calling it World War 1 was a problem..." "We were basically asking for a sequel."
"I think people who mocks the visually impaired by walking with a cane are extremely offensive to them" "It's not like they could see that but still"
"Just deleted my reddit account to change username" 
"I borrowed some money from my friend to buy a caramel and peanut candy bar" [deleted]
Worried... "Is it weird that one of my testicles is bigger than the other two?"
"How would a Christian Hooker Pray?" "Please Good Lord Jizz us"
"Sex is like politics." "I don't understand it, but I pretend to."
"Someone knocked on my door." """Who's there?"" I asked.

""Police,"" replied two men.

I asked them what they wanted. ""We need to investigate your property for cannabis.""

""I haven't got any,"" I said. ""Now be on your way.""

""Sir,"" they said, ""what harm is there in us checking?""

""Because you might find the cocaine,"" I answered."
"How do you stop a charging Rhino?" "Take away his credit card."
"My penis was in the 2020 Guinness Book of Records" "But then the librarian saw me and told me to take it out."
"Life is too short..." "...for my book of 5 letter words."
"A man stole 80 doors" "He went to the hardware store every few weeks with the same receipt for a door that cost over a thousand dollars that opened and closed all by itself. He would enter the store claiming to be picking up his door that he hadn’t picked up until now. He would go at different times on different days and see different people to collect his doors, he would then sell them on and profit from his one door.

One day the hardware store staff realised what he was doing and called the police and they arrested him the next time he came in.

A month later he went to court and was convicted of stealing the doors. When the court was adjourned and the man was convicted the judge said, 

“Well that was an open and shut case.”"
"Now that we have vaccines, what's the difference between a Covid hospitalization and a Covid death?" 
"So if you get your tonsils out it’s a tonsillectomy and if you get your appendix out it’s an appendectomy, what do you can a woman who gets a sex change?" 
"What did Anakin Skywalker get after being boned by the Emperor?" Siithylis.
"A biologist specialized in bovine excrement is out in doing fields research, and upon stumbling into an interesting specimen, he exclaims," "This is bull shit!"
"An obese man and a thot walk into a bar" "Thot: “Food can’t fill the whole in your heart”

Obese Man: “Dildos can’t fill the whole in your ass”"
"My wife suffers from a drinking problem." "“Oh is she an alcoholic?”

“No, I am, but she’s the one who suffers.”"
"I got attacked by a goose today." "Needless to say, I used some fowl language."
"What’s Sean Connery’s favorite time to play at Wimbledon?" Ten-ish
"There are as many genders as inches of my cock" one
"What noise does a horse make when it vomits?" Horf!
"Fat Guy" 
"What kind of car does a ghost drive?" "A Boogatti!"
"Did you hear of the optometrist that fell into the lens grinder?" "He made a spectacle of himself. (Old joke)"
"I'm sick of the double standard…" "When I burn a dead bodies at the mortuary, I'm doing a good job. When I burn dead bodies at home, I'm destroying evidence."
"What’s the difference between Team Rocket and Reddit?" "Team Rocket always has a cunning plan, while Reddit is a punning clan."
"Dad joke" "What do you call a Christian dad joke with no punch line…


A complete sintence"
"I was a man trapped in a woman’s body" "Until I was born"
"What sound does a car make when a witch starts it?" "Broom Broom"
"Hey Germans! Do you know any English numbers?" Nine...
"What do you name an American, Communist Pirate Ship?" "The U.S.S. ARRRGH"
"Did you know that the consistency of a woman's menstrual fluid is varies greatly based on her diet?" "It's a viscous cycle."
"I'm planning on opening a lesbian bar" "It'll be called the Klon Dike Bar"
"A farmer wanted to start growing mushrooms" "But he didn't have any spores or enough space to grow them, so unfortunately he wasn't able to. He just didn't have mushroom."
"""Do you know my father is a doctor?""" "Guy 2: Wow! My father is a doctor too!

Guy 1: Phillip is my last name.

Guy 2 [excited]: Omg! My surname is Phillip too.

Guy 1: I'm 23 years old.

Guy 2: What? Get out of here [laughing], I'm also 23 years old.

Guy 1: Don't tell me that you are born on the 14th of August, and you went to Lusaka primary school?

Guy 2: Yes, I was born at 14th August. Tell me I'm dreaming because I also went to Lusaka. [They both cried, and hugged each other]

*A guy sitting next to them asks the bartender,*

""What's wrong with these 2 guys?""

The bartender answered, ""Dont mind these stupid boys, they are Dr. Phillip's twins and are very drunk."""
"A friend asked me: Do you remember the first time you ever masturbated?" "I said ""Hell no, I can't even remember the first time I masturbated TODAY"""
"Did you hear the joke about Hellen Keller" "Yeah, neither did she"
"I looked at my friends browser history and saw that he searched 'How to kill myself'" "I still don't know what drove him to the Edge"
"What do you call Mark Zuckerberg getting therapy?" "Tech support"
"How many optometrists does it take to screw in a light bulb?" "One? Or two? One? Or two?"
"Can you come up with a better joke with this punchline?" "Why did the king lock his beautiful virgin daughter away in a fortress when all the men came around?  
Impregnability"
"What Do You Call a Catholic Who Doesn't Know How to Read?" "A Baptist"
"My uncle has the heart of a lion, the eyes of a hawk, and the legs of a cheetah" "He sure loves his job as a taxidermist"
"Why does it take a woman longer to climate than a man?" "Who cares."
"Murr had an odd hobby" "He would poke a small hole, about a half inch wide, in a bar of soap just to put it back in the box and give it to his roommate, Jack. Nobody knew why, he just did. Well, one day Jack got pissed and decided to confront Murr about it. ""Murr, why do you poke holes in my soap?"" Jack asked. ""What are you talking about?"" Murr responded.

""You know, you poke holes in soap, which you then give to me.""

""Oh, yeah!""

""So, why the holes?""

""I thought I was helping.""

""Helping with what?""

""I poked a hole in a soap bar and gave it to you because it wasnt for cleaning your body, it was for cleaning your dick."""
"What do you call a queue of trucks?" "A pickup line"
"So my dad once stopped a rape.." "Thank goodness for all those self control lessons!"
"What do you call a foot masseur who is great at his job, comes in early every day to set up, leaves late to clean up, is renowned around the world for his dedication to his craft, but also has a foot fetish?" "Hard at work"
"Once a gang of pirates and enlisted a group of former Bishops to help ransack a Gold mine." "After a long battle, they emerged victors and discussed how to split the loot.


It was decided that the pirates would keep all the gold and the Bishops would keep the miners."
"Any question type jokes?" "I need some jokes that are structured as a question an answer thing. I'm doing this thing where I'm ""testing"" my friend's sense of humour as a game cuz she got COVID and she lost her senses so I wanted to make some funny questions and get her answer"
"Moms ID card" "One day a young boy was looking at his moms ID card. He started to laugh suddenly. 

What is so fynny? Asked his mom.
I can believe you are so bad at sex that you got an f"
"Someone recently told me a joke involving a Boomerang!" "Can’t for the life of me remember it! Ah well…. Suppose it will come back to me soon!"
"What did the athlete say to the cameraman?" "&gt;!Sprint wireless.!&lt;"
"Weight loss center" "Fat guy walks into a radical new weight loss center, that guarantees results.

Receptionist: How many pounds do you want to lose today?
Guy: Today?! Yeah, right, let's say 2.
Receptionist: 1st floor please,  room 12, you have 3 hours. 

He walks in a large empty room, sees a beautiful woman, half-naked. 
Woman: I run, you run, you hunt. Catch me and you hump. Bell rings, you stop.
Guy gets excited, starts running after her and she really knows how to keep him going, some times letting him close and then escaping again. After several hours he gets really close, but the bell rings. She leaves, he catches his breath and leaves.

Back home he realizes that he did lose about 2 pounds and is excited. But he also wants more time, to catch the girl. So he keeps going back asking for more time each day. The receptionist starts sending him to higher and higher floors, with ever more beautiful women in the rooms, but he just can't catch them. He is obsessed with ""I run, you run, you hunt. Catch me and you hump. Bell rings, you stop""

Finally, he goes and asks the receptionist for the maximum time allowed at the top level. He has lost quite some weight by now and is feeling confident he will finally catch the woman.

He goes to the 12th floor, no rooms there, just one area, significantly smaller than all the rooms he had been on before. A door automatically closes and locks behind him. A door on the other side of the room opens and in walks a completely naked, 6 foot man, with a 15 inch d@@k. The man shouts menacingly:
 ""I run, you run, I hunt. Catch you and I hump. There are no fucking bells!"""
"VP Kamala Harris is so liberal it makes it look like President Joe Biden is a conservative." 
"I know a funny dude who identifies as two beautiful mushrooms" "He's a pretty fungi"
"Why shouldn't you not try to drown your wife?" "Every time you do  it will go tits up!"
"What do you call an overweight Russian?" "A Siberian  husky!"
"What's a religious sister's weapon of choice?" NUNchucks
"What did The Red Witch say about a poorly written horror novel?" "It was dark and full of errors."
"You cant spell reddit without" "re. duh  re ddit."
"What did the fish say when it slammed against the wall?" Dam.
"I like to go into book shops and browse for a book with a 'Signed Copy ' sticker on it." "Peel it off and stick it on a Bible."
"My grandpa warned people the Titanic would sink…" "No one listened, but he kept warning them until they got sick of him and kicked him out of the cinema."
"Did you hear the biggest joke ever?" "Harry Kane..."
"How does Moses make his tea?" " Hebrews it."
"What does Mortal Kombat and a church in Helsinki have in common?" "Finnish Hymn!"
"A Baptist, a Catholic, and a Mormon are in the maternity ward." "The Baptist says, “One more son and I have a basketball team.” 

The Catholic says, “That’s nothing, one more kid and I have a baseball team.” 

The Mormon guy says, “That’s nothing, one more wife and I have a golf course.”"
"I'd be in shock if my son told me he's gay....." "Because I'm just 14, how can I have a son"
"Why is everyone still complaining about gender equality when Mississippi exists?" "It could have been called Mistersippi."
"What do you call the guy with a rubber toe?" Roberto
"What does Davy Jones like to work out the most on his body?" "His dead man's chest."
"Why was Humpty happy in the Autumn?" "Because he had a great fall"
"I want to go down on you..." "Like a condominium in Florida."
"No guy has ever looked at a girl and thought…" "She would be so hot if her eyelashes were longer"
"Why don’t people make jokes about lazy people?" "Because they don’t work"
"My life" "Wait jokes have meaning"
"What does the president of Russia say when you try to get him to hurry with you to the beach?" "Hold on, I’m Putin my shorts on"
"Football is just like my dad..." "Never coming home"
"A school catches fire and a teacher and a priest are running from it." "The priest stops and says to the teacher “what about the children?”

The teacher says “Fuck the children”

The priest responds “wait, do you think we have time?”"
"I told my dentist that I felt like my tooth was sinking." "So he takes a look and says

“Looks like you’ve got a Bluetooth.”"
"Get it right" "It’s just a pimple it’s not herpes"
"Which monsters can't get HIV?" "Vampires. They suck blood for a living and still."
"Which monster cant get HIV?" 
"This is a joke" "This is a joke"
"Sexism is everywhere, even in botany" "To this day, there is still a stigma attached to female plants"
"A man walks into a bar and sees the people drinking alcohol but they aren't having fun" "A man walks into a bar, and sees people drinking, wine, beer, vodka, but they don't seem to be having fun. They are just sitting there, complaining.   


But in a little niche to the side, he sees a group of people with little saucers with steam coming up. They are talking excitedly, telling each other funny jokes, and happily laughing. They seem relaxed and happy, sharing jokes.   


The man asks the bartender what is going on there, and the bartender replies: that is our section for people who would rather drink herbal teas than alcohol, and they are having so much fun because the real jokes are in the calm mints."
"A cop sees a car parked in the local Lover's Lane with the windows all steamed up." "He goes over and taps on the window. The guy inside rolls it down.

The cop looks inside and sees the fellow sitting behind the wheel, fully dressed. There's a young lady sitting in the back seat, also fully dressed.

The cop says, ""What are you doing out here?""

Guy says, ""I'm watching a video on my phone.""

""And what's she doing back there?""

""I think she's on Facebook.""

""What's going on here? How old are you, son?""

""I'm twenty.""

""And how old is she?""

""In...thirteen minutes she'll be eighteen."""
"Robin tells Batman ""I can't get the batmobile started""" "Batman: check the battery

Robin: what's a tery?"
"“In Alabama, we don’t do reverse cowgirl, because we never turn our backs on family.”" "Not mine."
"What is a porn addicts favorite browser?" Edge
"How do you organise a gathering in space..?" Planet..
"How do you find the gym at Hogwarts School..?" "Through the Dumbledore.."
"My wife has just phoned me from A&amp;E crying......." " .......and very upset so I asked her what was wrong? She said that she had just seen her x-ray, I said don't speak to him just walk away......."
"I saw my arab neighbor shaking out his rug on his front lawn," "so I asked, “what’s wrong Ahmed? Won’t start?”."
"A guy said to his psychologist, “Doc, you gotta help me. I‘m having strange, recurring dreams that I’m either a teepee or a wigwam. Every night, teepee, wigwam, teepee, wigwam! Please, make it stop!” The doctor said," "“Relax, you’re two tents.”"
"An irish daughte‌‌r ha‌‌d no‌‌t bee‌‌n hom‌‌e fo‌‌r ove‌‌r ‌‌5 years‌‌. Upo‌‌n he‌‌r retur‌‌n he‌‌r Fathe‌‌r curse‌‌d he‌‌r heavily‌‌." "
""Wher‌‌e hav‌‌e y‌‌e bee‌‌n al‌‌l thi‌‌s time‌‌, child‌‌? Wh‌‌y di‌‌d y‌‌e no‌‌t writ‌‌e t‌‌o us‌‌, no‌‌t eve‌‌n ‌‌a line‌‌? Wh‌‌y didn'‌‌t y‌‌e call‌‌? Ca‌‌n y‌‌e no‌‌t understan‌‌d wha‌‌t y‌‌e pu‌‌t ye‌‌r ol‌‌d Mothe‌‌r through?‌‌""
‌‌
Th‌‌e girl‌‌, crying‌‌, replied‌‌, ""Dad..‌‌. ‌‌I becam‌‌e ‌‌a prostitute.‌‌""
‌‌
""Y‌‌e what!‌‌? Ge‌‌t ou‌‌t ‌‌a here‌‌, y‌‌e shameles‌‌s harlot‌‌! Sinner‌‌! You'r‌‌e ‌‌a disgrac‌‌e t‌‌o thi‌‌s Catholi‌‌c family.‌‌""
‌‌
""OK‌‌, Dad..‌‌. a‌‌s y‌‌e wish‌‌. ‌‌I onl‌‌y cam‌‌e bac‌‌k t‌‌o giv‌‌e mu‌‌m thi‌‌s luxuriou‌‌s fu‌‌r coat‌‌, titl‌‌e dee‌‌d t‌‌o ‌‌a te‌‌n bedroo‌‌m mansion‌‌, plu‌‌s ‌‌a ‌‌5 millio‌‌n saving‌‌s certificate‌‌. Fo‌‌r m‌‌e littl‌‌e brother‌‌, thi‌‌s gol‌‌d Rolex‌‌. An‌‌d fo‌‌r y‌‌e Daddy‌‌, th‌‌e sparklin‌‌g ne‌‌w Mercede‌‌s limite‌‌d editio‌‌n convertibl‌‌e that'‌‌s parke‌‌d outsid‌‌e plu‌‌s ‌‌a membershi‌‌p t‌‌o th‌‌e countr‌‌y clu‌‌b ..‌‌. (take‌‌s ‌‌a breath‌‌) ..‌‌. an‌‌d a‌‌n invitatio‌‌n fo‌‌r y‌‌e al‌‌l t‌‌o spen‌‌d Ne‌‌w Year'‌‌s Ev‌‌e o‌‌n boar‌‌d m‌‌y ne‌‌w yach‌‌t i‌‌n th‌‌e Riviera.‌‌""
‌‌
""Wha‌‌t wa‌‌s i‌‌t y‌‌e sai‌‌d y‌‌e ha‌‌d become?""‌‌, say‌‌s Dad‌‌.
‌‌
Girl‌‌, cryin‌‌g again‌‌, ""‌‌A prostitute‌‌, Daddy!‌‌""
‌‌
""Oh‌‌! M‌‌y Goodness‌‌! Y‌‌e scare‌‌d m‌‌e hal‌‌f t‌‌o death‌‌, girl‌‌! ‌‌I though‌‌t y‌‌e sai‌‌d ‌‌a Protestant‌‌! Com‌‌e her‌‌e an‌‌d giv‌‌e ye‌‌r ol‌‌d Da‌‌d ‌‌a hug!‌‌"""
"How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Only one, but the lightbulb has to be ready to change."
"Pastor wakes up one beautiful Sunday morning" "It's such a nice day that he decides to play golf, and so he calls in sick to the church. On his way to the course, St Peter and God are watching from above. St Peter asks God, ""Are you going to let him get away with this?"" God shakes his head On the first tee, a par 5, the Pastor gets gets off a tremendous shot, his best ever. It hits the cart path and this gives him a great bounce. Ball hits a boulder on the second bounce and rolls up onto the green, and in, for a hole in one! He can't believe his luck and let's out a shout and starts dancing around.

St Peter: I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T GOING TO LET HIM GET AWAY WITH IT???

God: Who's he going to tell?"
"Bill Cosby likes his Pudding Pops" "like he like his women - passed out cold."
"what's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea?" "I've never had a lentil on my chest"
"A man came home after a long business trip." "
when he came home, a naked man jumped out of his bedroom yelling: ""I am an insane criminal!"" and ran down the stairs.

A few seconds after that another naked man jumped out of the bedroom and shouted ""I am a detective, have you seen where the fugitive went?""

The confused husband pointed to the stairs.

""Thank you, citizen -

SWAT team, follow me!"""
"so a man walks into a room where a child is sleeping" "you could say he witnessed a kidnapping"
"I enjoy making fat jokes because they target a wider audience ..." "and sure they already have enough on their plates, but the jokes are tons of fun!"
"A nun and a priest are crossing the Sahara desert on a camel" "On the third day out the camel suddenly dropped dead without warning. After dusting themselves off, the nun and the priest surveyed their situation. After a long period of silence, the priest spoke.

&amp;#x200B;

""Well sister, this looks pretty grim.""

&amp;#x200B;

""I know, father."" ""In fact, I don't think it likely that we can survive more than a day or two.""

&amp;#x200B;

""I agree."" ""Sister, since we are unlikely to make it out of here alive, would you do something for me?""

&amp;#x200B;

""Anything father.""

&amp;#x200B;

""I have never seen a woman's breasts and I was wondering if I might see yours.""

&amp;#x200B;

""Well, under the circumstances I don't see that it would do any harm."" The nun opened her habit and the priest enjoyed the sight of her shapely breasts, commenting frequently on their beauty.

&amp;#x200B;

""Sister would you mind if I touched them?""

&amp;#x200B;

She consented and he fondled them for several minutes.

&amp;#x200B;

""Father, could I ask something of you?""

&amp;#x200B;

""Yes sister?""

&amp;#x200B;

""I have never seen a man's penis. Could I see yours?""

&amp;#x200B;

""I supposed that would be OK,"" the priest replied lifting his robe.

&amp;#x200B;

""Oh father, may I touch it?""

&amp;#x200B;

This time the priest consented and after a few minutes of fondling he was sporting a huge erection. ""Sister, you know that if I insert my penis in the right place, it can give life.""

&amp;#x200B;

""Is that true father?""

&amp;#x200B;

""Yes it is, sister.""

&amp;#x200B;

""Then why don't you stick it up that camel's ass and let's get the fuck out of here."""
"I suggested that the call centre I work at should use the A-Team theme tune as their hold music and my boss agreed" "I love it when a plan comes together"
"My 2 friends got into an intense art competition." "It ended up being a draw!"
"how does a cow wash its mouth??" "using a moo-thwash.

sorry. if you did nto like it..
i got this idea while i was showering.. thought to share with you all."
"Johnny learns fast…" "Teacher: “Why did you laugh?”
Boy 1: “I saw a strap of your bra.”
Teacher: “Please stay out of school for one week.”

Boy 2 laughed…
Teacher: “Why did you laugh?”
Boy 2: “I saw both your bra straps.”
Teacher: “Suspended from school for one month.”

Teacher bent down to pickup a chalk. Little Johnny started walking out of the class…
Teacher: “Why are you leaving?”
Little Johnny: “I think my school days are over.”"
"What did the scarab beetle say when he got to heaven? He looked around and said..." """Holy shitballs!!"""
"Are you an alcoholic?" "We can help.

Call: 0491 570 006/07700 900111/(212) 664-7665

For Liquor home delivery."
"Fitted sheets were originally invented in 1682 in Salem, MA." "Unfortunately, they didn't catch on at that time since anyone who could actually fold them was accused of witchcraft and subsequently burned at the stake."
"Fellow 1 : ""Now my grandfather, he knew the exact day of the year that he was going to die." " It was the right year too. Not only that, but he knew what time he would die that day, and he was right about that too.""

Fellow 2 : ""Wow, that's Incredible. How did he know all of that?""

Fellow 1 : ""A judge told him."""
"My estranged son's friend asked, ""Is he your father?"",. My son replied," """Yes""."
"What do you call an Arabic person who owns a hard drive?" "A Terarab."
"One day I’m going to open a furniture store named Sofa King." "That way I can make late night tv commercials and shout “our prices are Sofa King low!”"
"I Bought a reduced-price Colin the Caterpillar cake as it was going out of date." "By the time I'd got it home, it had turned into a Colin the Cocoon cake."
"Four Nordic men were walking in a single file line." "A passerby asked why they walked in line like that everywhere they went. 

Lan responded, “Ve have terrible memories.”

Svee added, “Ve can hardly remember where ve live.”

Mark chimed in, “This helps us remember where home is.”

Finn said, “Ve go Svee den Finn, Lan den Mark.”"
"John was frustrated with his fat wife." "She had a weird condition that made her sing during orgasm and she never let him go untill she achieved one.

Well, as they say, it ain't over till the fat lady sings."
"What is a Polygon?" "That is what the little boy said when his pet parrot flew away."
"Which artist has a brown finger?" Picasso
"Made up this is joke about ketchup" """This is the Aberdeen ketchup police.

Show me your Heinz!"""
"My wife said if I mentioned Shrek one more time in bed she’d leave me. I thought she was joking" "But then I saw her face"
"I was in the library one day, when a black friend of mine came in and asked if I knew where the color printer was." "I said ""Buddy, it's the 21st century, you can use any printer you want."""
"How do you get a Karen to wear a mask?" "Bring me your manager."
"Chicken and a frog found a book" "The chicken said: Book book book! The frog said: Read it read it!"
"Chicken and a frog found a book" "The chicken said: Book book book! The frog said: Read it read it!"
"Did you hear the one about the architect who had his house made backwards so he could watch TV?" "Did you hear the one about the architect who had his house maid backwards so he could watch TV?"
"Why did the duck have to put on pants?" "His butt-quack was showing!"
"An old man goes to the doctor..." "He walks in and the doctor asks how he's feeling...  
The man replies ""Honestly Doc, I'm doing much better than usual, I have the Lord watching over me!""  
Confused, the doctor asks ""What do you mean the lord is watching over you?""  
The man says excitedly ""Well when I go to the bathroom, the light turns on, and when I leave, the light turns off, and I didn't even touch anything!""  
The doctor replies ""That's incredible!""  


The next day, the man's wife goes to the doctor, the doctor tells her about this miraculous thing that's been happening to her husband.  
The wife replies ""That's because he's peeing in the refrigerator again."""
"The inventor of Halls Cough Drops died last night." "There will be no coffin at his funeral."
"What is the best part about banging a tranny?" "When you reach around it feels like you went all the way through."
"Did you hear about the guy that invented 'knock knock' jokes?" "He won a No Bell prize."
"I have a Russian friend who's a sound technician.." "And a Czech one too. A Czech one too."
"I got banned from 10 subs (and waiting...) today and they all said.. Do not be a dick!" "I mean my boss is the real dick today, 
she denied me the rating i deserve.."
"There's three cabs lined up on the side of the street" "A guy walks by, talks to the first cab driver and says ''I'll give you 100$ if you suck me off'', the cab driver says ''Get the fuck outta here!''

The guy then goes to the second cab driver and makes the same request, the second cab driver then cussed him out as well

The guy then goes to the last cab driver, he hands him a piece of paper and tells him ''Take me to this address, oh and I'll give you a extra 10$ tip if you wink at the other two cab drivers as we're leaving''"
"Squares aren’t allowed on Twitter." "Last time we saw an angle from the 45, he got banned."
"What's the difference between a broom and a mop?" "You can't beat your wife with a mop."
"There are three guys on a boat, and they have four cigarettes, but nothing to light them with – what do they do?" "They throw one cigarette overboard, and the boat becomes a cigarette lighter."
"Brother in law joke" "Where did my brother in law  spend his honeymoon?

In diana"
"What's the hottest and coolest news program?" "The weather forecast"
"A beautiful lady walks into a bar" "and asks the bartender for a double entendre, and he gives it to her."
"Where do bears go for winter holidays?" Hiber-Nation
"A woman hears a knock at her door..." "After her husband leaves for work, a woman hears a knock at her door she walks over and answers it. ""Who's there?"" she asks. The man responds with a candid ""do you have a vagina?"" The woman appalled slams it in the man's face. The next day around the same time she hears yet another knock, to her surprise it was the man again. She asks angrily ""who are you what do you want?!?"" The man calmly asks ""do you have a vagina?"" The woman disgusted and infuriated yells at the man "" fuck you! You pervert leave me alone!!"" And slams the door yet again. Later that night she tells her husband about the strange pervert that came knocking after he went to work. The husband suggests a plan, he would leave like he would any other day, but he would park his car around the corner and come back inside from the back door. The next morning the husband pretended to leave for work at the usual time, he came back inside and told his wife "" I'm going to hide behind the front door, when he asks again answer yes. I want to see what that bastard has to say, don't worry I'm right here."" 
The wife agrees and like clock work the man shows up knocking once again. The wife answers the door with her husband hiding behind it this time. She asks ""What is it this time?"" Forcefully, anticipating his usual question. The man calmly asks "" Do you have a vagina?"" Unsurprisingly. The woman quickly response with"" yes, so what?"" The husband and wife both Anxious to hear his response. The man says "" Good, now tell your husband to use yours and instead of my wife's"". 🥁 
[roll laugh track]"
"Why is it called sleeping with someone" "Last time I checked it was an all night thing"
"Why don't eggs tell jokes?" "They'd crack each other up."
"Messy penguin" "A penguin takes his car to the shop and the mechanic says it'll take about an hour for him to check it. While he waits, the penguin goes to an ice cream shop and orders a big sundae to pass the time. The penguin isn't the neatest eater, and he ends up covered in melted ice cream. When he returns to the shop, the mechanic takes one look at him and says, ""Looks like you blew a seal."" ""No,"" the penguin insists, ""it's just ice cream."""
"What do you get when you drop a bomb in a French kitchen?" "Linoleum Blownapart."
"They should change the spelling of ""Cyclops"" to ""Ciclops""" "Then it would only have 1 'i'"
"Viagra thieves" "Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra. The police put out an alert to be on the lookout for the two hardened criminals."
"The year is 1939, Soviet troops are marching on Finland" "As they cross the border, the general hears a Finish voice just over a hill saying ""one Finish soldier is better than 10 Soviet soldiers!"".  The general laughs and sends 10 soldiers to take the hill, after a minute or so of gunfire, the same voice says ""one Finish soldier is better than 100 Soviet troops!""  Baffled and annoyed, the general sends 100 soldiers to take the hill, after about 5 minutes of gunfire and explosions, the same voice says ""one Finish soldier is better than a thousand Soviets!""  Furious, the general sends 1000 troops to take the hill, complete with tanks, high explosives and artillery, and tells them not to return until the hill is taken.  After half an hour of all hell breaking loose, everything falls silent.  One Soviet troop, severely wounded and battered, drags himself to the general and says ""don't send any more troops, comrade general, it's a trap, there's two of them."""
"Merry Christmas SANTA!! -the Grinch says with joy" "
*Without looking up from his phone* 

""Thanks, Grinch, now go steal those presents back and let’s turn a profit.

*Santa takes a fat drag off his Cuban cigar*  

""Santa... But that’s wrong."" 


""**NO**, it’s Christmas.""

*SANTA BEGINS LAUGHING MANIACLLY IN A VILLANOUS WAY*"
"In science news today" "A new tribe of pygmies have been discovered in the savannah grasslands of central Africa.  Scientists have called the tribe the 'Whetherfarcari' tribe.  The name was chose due to the rare sightings, sometimes a head appears out of the tall grass and calls 'where the fuck are we'.."
"When i was a kid , we were soo poor" "For Christmas my mom would cut the pockets out of our pants ,so we would have something to play with.."
"The Romans had an unusual sexual fetish for Jesus" "One time, they even nailed him on a cross."
"Some people say they are old when they only reach 30 years old, I guarantee people would you are young if you do this ..." "go to die, then people  would say he/she is so  YOUNG to  die"
‎‎‎ 
"And so John said to David come forth and you shall win eternal life..." "But David came fifth and won a toaster"
"Englishman, Scotsman and an Irishman in court..." "the judge says ""I'm in a good mood today and i'm a dog lover as you well know, now if you can sing me a song about a dog i'll let you off, but if you can't then you're going away for a very long time"" Englishman went first ""How much is that doggy in the window, the one with the waggly tail..."" ""Case dismissed, on your way"" Scotsmans tun ""Daddy wouldn't buy me a bow wow"" ""Case dismissed, on your way"" Irishmans turn ""Strangers in the night exchanging glances..."" The judge says ""You bastard, you'll never see the light of day again"" Irishman says ""Let me finish the song...scooby dooby doo, do dadadadadada, scooby dooby doo"""
"Drunk walks up to a beat cop" "Says, ""Ociffer, somebody stole my car!""

Cop says, ""well where was it when you last saw it?""

Drunk holds up his keychain says, ""it was right here on the end of this key!""

Cop looks the drunk up and down, points over the drunks shoulder says, "" you'll need to go down to the precinct to fill out the paperwork, it's 4 blocks down that way.""

Drunk says, ""thanks ociffer."" Starts to turn around to walk down there.

Cop says, ""you'd better zip up your pants before you go in there.""

Drunk looks down at his pants, says ""oh man, they got my girl too!"""
"What do black bosses do to celebrate 4th of July?" Firecrackers
"U2 have released a new album with absolutely no guitars in any of the songs" "They've really lost their Edge."
"A devout father was worried about his son." "His son used the F-word a lot, and passed this habit on to others. Despite the father's efforts, the son failed to change.     
So the father approached God and said, ""God, my son swears a lot. Please cure him and make him a religious boy.""     
God replied, ""My man, I will talk to him and make him a better person.""


So God went to the son and spoke to him.    
An hour later, He returned to the father and said, ""My dear man, I tried my best to change your son, but in vain. The only solution left is to kill him so that nobody else learns to swear from him.""     
The father painfully agreed to let God kill his boy. 


God took His bow and arrows and went after the son. He found the boy sitting under a tree and shot at him. The arrow missed the boy, and he ran away.     
God grunted, ""Fuck! Missed him by an inch!"""
"A neighbor called the cops," "Complaining about the foul odor emanating from a house. The cops arrive, bust the door, to find a family of 10 seated in front of the television, all of them dead! 

""We'll be out soon"", came a voice from one of the corpses, ""just waiting for the Walking Dead to end!""."
"What’s the Chernobyl peoples favorite game?" "Seven finger fillet"
"Whsts big and red and eats rocks..??" "A big red Rock eater . !!

..my all time fav joke ,I read it in a liberary book when I was just learning how to read ,around 48-50 years ago"
"How many Latinos does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" "Usually Juan"
"A devout father was worried about his son." "His son used the F-word a lot, and passed this habit on to others. Despite the father's efforts, the son failed to change.    
So the father approached God and said, ""God, my son swears a lot. Please cure him and make him a religious boy.""    
God replied, ""My man, I will talk to him and make him a better person.""


So God went to the son and spoke to him.    
An hour later, He returned to the father and said, ""My dear man, I tried my best to change your son, but in vain. The only solution left is to kill him so that nobody else learns to swear from him.""    
The father painfully agreed to let God kill his boy.


God took His bow and arrows and went after the son. He found the boy sitting under a tree and shot at him. The arrow missed the boy, and he ran away. God grunted, ""Fuck! Missed him by an inch!"""
"The Westboro Baptist Church was invaded by a colony of bats." "The bats made an absolute mess, peeing and pooping all over the place.

So it's now called the Westboro Bat-Piss Church."
"I was banging this hot chick on her kitchen table when we heard the front door open." " She said ""it's my husband!. Quick, try the backdoor!"" .

 Thinking back, I really should have ran but you don't get offers like that every day."
"9 martinis" "I walked into a bar ,a guy was sitting at a table ,with 9 martinis in front of him . I say ."" Jeez man what are you celebrating.?""

He replies "" my first blow job."".

Me::"" congratulations ,bro ,let me buy you another ."" 

Him :: no thanks ,,if 9 don't get the taste out of my mouth ,I doubt another will help ."""
"I just made money for the first time as a programmer" "I sold my laptop"
"I'm working on a joke that involves combining ""what what in the butt"" with ""wait wait don't tell me""" "and I can't tell if the punchline should be what what don't tell me, or wait wait in the butt"
"Needles to say..." "why was the guy who ate a bucket of needles rushed to hospital?

Because he had ap-pin-dicitis!"
"What's something that both the countries on a heatwave and the ones that are flooded have in common?" "It's a perfect time to swim there."
"I’m so glad that gay-pride month is over" "Now I can have sex with women again."
"What does a rubix cube and a pussy have in common?" "Anyone can play with it, but it takes practice with your fingers to master."
"Do Rumanians get upset when they get asked about Vampires?" "I asked my Rumanian friend whether he ever gets upset when people ask him whether his relatives were Vampires.

He said ""Of course not, That has only happened two or three times this past 180 years."""
"The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar." "It was tense."
"It was Ho Choo’s first time in America, and he was excited to visit an “American bar”." "He quickly locates one and finds a seat by the counter, where two other men are already seated. 

The surly bartender tilts his head at the first man, who says “Jack Daniels, single.”

The bartender nods and looks towards the second man, who says, “Johnny Walker, single.”

The bartender then turns to Ho Choo...

“Ho Choo, married!”"
"Do you want to know the secret of making your guitar sound better?" "If so, stay tuned."
"What did the alcoholic lumberjack tell his doctor?" "“I’m trying to cut down”"
"[NSFW] My girlfriend wanted to find out if my balls were super sensitive or not" "So she gave them a test tickle."
"What is the definition of a farmer?" "Someone who is good in their field."
"A sweet old lady is making lunch for her husband one day..." "She had been making him the same lunch for the past 40 years. His favorite: a sandwich on itallian bread, make with turkey, american cheese, pickles, onions, mustard, and mayo. The husband walks into the kitchen, sits down, and takes a bite. His wife asks the same thing she always asks, “Hows the sandwich dear?” 

Every time he would give the same response, “It tastes fine”. He would continue eating with a dissapointed look on his face. 

His wife thinks maybe its time to switch things up a bit. So the next day, she makes him his normal lunch, only this time, she makes it with ham and cheese, and on wheat bread. She thought surely he will enjoy this! 

The husband enters the kitchen, sits down, and takes a bite. His wife then asks “Hows the sandwich dear?”

As always, he replies “It tastes fine”. He would continue eating with a dissapointed look on his face. 

His wife then thinks maybe she needs to offer him more variety. So the next day, she makes him a sandwich, only this time its made with salami, pepperoni. and extra veggies and vinegarette dressing. He walks in the kitchen, takes a bite, and the wife asks “Hows the sandwich dear?”

As always, he replies “It tastes fine” and continued eating with a dissapointed look on his face.

The next day, as lunch time is getting ready to roll around, his wife was making him lunch. She was furious at the lack of excitement and enjoyment coming from her husband, so she decides shes going to make him the most unique sandwich hes ever had. 

She prepares her itallian bread, only this time she toasts it, and almost burns it. She adds random ingredients like peanut butter, peppers and onions, strawberry jam, turkey, ham, corned beef, some olives and some various seasonings. She thought “If this doesnt get a new reaction out of him, nothing will!”

The husband walks into the kitchen, takes a seat, and takes a bite of his sandwich. All of a sudden, his eyes widen, and he takes two more bites. 

Suddenly, he looks up at his wife with the biggest grin he’s ever had. He chuckled a bit and says “Finally! Something original in this sub!”"
"Why did the Teddy bear say no to dessert?" "Because it was stuffed"
"Don't let casual racism be a part of your life" "Go competitive"
"Did you know Neil deGrasse Tyson has a son who owns a lawn trimming company?" "His name is Moe deGrasse Tyson"
"why don't blind people go skydiving?" "because it scares the fuck out of the dogs"
"My wife walked in on me while I was watching porn." "In a panic reflex I instantly changed to a random channel, the fishing channel.  

As my wife walks out again she says: ""you should stay on the porn channel... you know how to fish."""
"A man is buying a banana, an apple and two eggs. The cashier says: “you must be single”" "The man replied: “Wow how did you know that ?”

Cashier: “ Because you’re fucking ugly”"
"My encounter with the cop" "So I was driving down the road when a cop stopped me, looked at me and asked ""You drinking?""
I said ""You buying?""








Guys I need bail money"
"My friend just told me she is a lifetime member of PETA" "On her 25th anniversary as a member they sent her a permanent membership card. It's gorgeous, ink from octopus printed on calfskin leather and trimmed with tiny feather hairs from a golden eagle"
"3 jokes instead of 3 layers of cake. Let's go!" "What is at the bottom of the sea and twitches?
A nervous wreck

Where are all average things made?
The Satisfactory

What kind of exercise do lazy people do?
Diddly Squats

Enjoy!"
"How does one hacker flirt with the other" """I'll show you yours if you show me mine"""
"Someone made a post saying 'Privacy is Important'..." "...the post was on Facebook"
"A friend of mine recently ""crush"" his classmate." "I felt sorry for her, now that he crushed her to dust."
"A doctor treats two people who are actually a married couple," "He calls both of them to visit him in his clinic, he tells the wife to stay outisde for a bit as he only wanted to takk to the husband, 

He then tells him; “You’re soon going to be in peace”

The husband gets anxious and replies; “Wait am I going to die???!!!!”

The doctor replies “No your wife is, you just have a common cold”"
"Why are the slave cables black?" "Because there's a history behind it."
"How does a Polish doctor swear?" cure-wa
"How does a Polish doctor swear?" [deleted]
"Do you like rollercoasters?" "Cause I'm an emotional one."
"A nice old lady gives a bus driver some nuts…" "A nice old lady on a bus offers the bus driver some peanuts, the driver happily eats them.
Every five minutes the old lady hands the driver a handful of nuts, eventually he asks: 

“Why don’t you eat them yourself?”
To which the old lady replies 

“I don’t have any teeth, look” 
So the driver looking confused then asks 
“So why do you buy them then?” 

The old lady gives a nice smile and responds
“I just enjoy the chocolate coating around them”"
"What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?" "I don't know and I don't are."
"I have a joke about the election though realise that it might not work anymore because of being several months out of date." "It's not that I couldn't be bothered posting it sooner.  I've just been Biden my time."
"What does the Starship Enterprise and a roll of toilet paper have in common?" "They are both circling Uranus searching for Klingons."
"What sits in the toilet of the Starship Enterprise?" "The captains Log."
"what's the deal....with jerry seinfeld!" "he goes up there and he just starts giving these long speeches! i don't understand it! what do you want me to do jerry seinfeld, listen to your *whole speech!* i'm BUSY! my BACK HURTS! I've got places to be!!!!! Why are you talking so much, who do you think you are, abraham lincoln???? what's with all the speeches buddy! if you wanted to give a speech, why don't you go to town hall!!! if you wanted to just go up to a microphone and talk about your opinions, why don't you get an account on myspace!!!"
"So these two nuns were riding their bicycles." "One says to the other, ""I've never come this way before."" To which the other replies.

""I know. I think it's the cobblestones."""
"Not so much a Joke but a Burn from my kids" "Dad: I like to do things Old School because its better

Kids: Dad, you are so old, you are the Principal of the Old School

Dad: Ouch...."
"We used to have Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash..." "Now we have no jobs, no hope and no cash! HAHAHAHAHA! AHAHAHAHAHA! LMAO! HEEEEHHEEEHEEEHEHEEE"
"I asked my friend in North Korea how it is over there" "He said “I can’t complain”"
"A satanist saw someone not wearing green on St Patrick’s Day" "So he gave them a pinchagram"
"What did the Pope the pope say pope said to the guy muslim guy" "Hey wazzup muslim.   
Then moslim said sup pope how are you today.  

 Pope said yeah kind of ok how is shit in iran o arabia or africa or wether wwhere ever you are rn ni**a.    


  

Mouslim: mam youre not black why you saaid the n word.     M



Pope: im latino thats basically black.     


Muss Leem; not really i am arabic rhats closer to black than you and i dont say the n word its offensive.   




Opoope: ok sorry i womt say the word again i didnt mean to be offensive black people are oir brothers and god loves them.    



Musmim : yeh thats right thanks you for understanding.    


*they shake hands and then they both shit themselves*"
"My horse’s name is mayo" "Mayo neighs"
"I went to the doctors and said I can only get sexualy stimulated by chickpeas and garlic" "He said ""don't worry, you're just humous-sexual"""
"My dad told me that he often talks in his sleep." "I've got to be honest, I feel sorry for my mum.

She must be sick of hearing him say ""that's it, baby"" and ""keep going"" almost every night."
"Paddy was at the airport going through Customs." "Customs: What have you got in those two sacks on your shoulders.?

Paddy: Oh just a lot of mobile phones.

Customs: So why so many mobile phones.?

Paddy: Well on my travels I had a call from my mate Mick,

He told me that he was starting up a Jazz Band, and could

I bring him back two Saxophones."
"What did John the Baptist say when Jesus got baptized?" "“I baptize you now in… You, your Dad, and your Best Friend.”"
"Jimmy's story" "There was little Jimmy and he was going on a date. He asked his granny:
""Granny granny could you borrow me 20€ I'm going on a date""
Granny answered: 
""No chance Jimmy, I dont have that kind of money""
Now sad Jimmy was about to leave the house. Granny shouted:
""Here Jimmy if you have sex with me I'll give you your money""
Few moments later there was little Jimmy doing the job and when he finished granny gave him only 10€
""But granny we said 20€"", Jimmy said.
""Do it again Jimmy and I'll give you another 10€""
There was poor Jimmy doing it again. When he finished he got another 10€, pulled up the pants and started walking out. All of the sudden he stopped and asked,
""But granny how come that first time it was all scratching, dry and hard and uncomfortable, but the second time it was so smooth and moisty and soft?""
Granny answered,
"" Eh son, after scab here comes the puss"""
"Old man Sitting on his front porch. (Long)" "One afternoon he see a kid ride past on his bike with a roll of chicken wire. 
The old guy asks:
""Where are you heading with that chicken wire son?""
""I'm gonna catch me some chickens down at the park"".
""You don't catch chickens with chicken wire"" 

Says the old feller, shaking his head in exasperation with the 'youth of today'. Half an hour later, the kid rides past with 3 chickens bundled up in the chicken wire.

""Well I'll be hornswoggled"".

The next day the kid rides past with a roll of duck tape on the handlebars of his bike.

The old guy asks:
""Where are you heading with that duck tape son?""
""I'm gonna catch me some ducks down at the pond"".
""You don't catch ducks with duck tape son"" 

Says the old feller, shaking his head in exasperation with the 'youth of today'. Half an hour later, the kid rides past with 3 ducks wrapped up in the duck tape.

""Well I'll be hornswoggled"".

The next day the kid rides past with a couple of stalks of pussy willow.
The old guys says:
""Hang on a second. I'll get my hat'."
"What do you call slutty garden gnomes?" "Garden Hose.  They’re a kinky bunch."
"Oral survey." "A survey was taking of Jewish men asking what they enjoy most about receiving oral sex,
10% said they liked the warmth
15% said they liked the wetness
75% said that they enjoyed the silence the most..
Rest In Peace Jackie Mason!
We know you and Lenny Bruce are ripping it up right now."
"[OC] What do bad apologies and ""that time of the month"" have in common?" "There is always the but."
Vin "Vehicle identification number(Vin) Diesel doesn’t drink beer because he only runs on diesel."
"What do you call an unprovoked prison stabbing?" "Shanks for nothing.

~

What did the prison guards say when they couldn't find the weapon used?


Shanks but no shanks."
"You know who a pro speedrunner is?" "You know who a pro speedrunner is?

&amp;#x200B;

**Adolf Hitler**"
"Little Sarah..." "Little Sarah comes bouncing into the kitchen. ""Mommy, mommy, can I lick the bowl out again?"" "" NO! "" the mother yells back. ""Sarah, we talked about this. You need to flush like everyone else! """
"This is an 11th century Farsi joke my Persian friend told me" "A man brings a male whore to his house, gives him a few Dinars, and tells him ""lie down so I can put it into you"". The male whore says ""But I've heard you like it the other way around"". The man replies ""I do the fucking, you do the claiming afterwards. Now let me screw you and afterwards, you can claim you fucked me""."
"Men how do you give a woman an orgasm?" "Who fucking cares ?"
"I went to the library looking for the book about small penises" "The librarian said, ""It's not in yet."" I replied, ""That's the one!"""
"Olympic fencing is like r/Jokes" "You can score big with a good riposte!"
"Olympic fencing is a lot like t/Jokes" [deleted]
"A woman Filipino weightlifter has won the first Olympics Gold ever for the Philippines." "This doesn't surprise me at all since women have been carrying the Philippines by sending remittance back home for many decades already."
"What do you call an old mexican Man?" "Señor citizen"
"What do you call a mexican with 3 eyes?" "Ay, ay, ay!"
"My friend has paranoid delusions about being a chocolate orange." "I worry he might get sectioned."
"What to do when delivery service breaks your vynil?" "Call them and get your nickelback"
"15% of the men are actually born gay.." "The rest were sucked into it"
"terms and conditions joke" " Hello, I'm one of those guys who writes terms and conditions.  I just wanted to let everybody know that I have just rewritten the book ""The Little Engine that could"".  It is now a 1,000,000,000 page book.  (I think that is the right number of zeroes, but I might have missed some.)  You can buy it at the ""Boring and Overly Redundant Book Store"" located on Snoozefest Ave."
"Yesterday i saw a transvestite with a very short skirt" "I thought, ""that shows a lot of balls"""
"What do you call a line at a Vietnamese noodle shop?" "Pho queue"
"Identity theft protection" "Does anybody know where I can buy identity theft protection for my fake ID?"
"will you marry me." "- Will you marry me!

- no I won't...

- BUT WY!?

- because I don't even know who me is?"
"What do you call the balls of Dwayne The Rock Johnson?" "The Pebbles"
"A cop comes upon a car parked by the side of a deserted stretch of road…" "… in the front seat he sees a man, and in the backseat there’s a girl. The cop motions to roll down the rear window and asks the girl “how old are you?”

“Almost 18”

The cop goes to the front window and asks the man “and how old are you?”

“26”

“And what are you two doing out here in this car?” Asks the cop.

The man points to the back seat “waiting for her to turn 18”."
"What did Nickel back do when he was hungry?" "Borrowed 45 cents then 58."
"My wife told me, There's no such things as problems, just opportunities. """ "That's great, I thought. Well, I have a serious drinking opportunity !!"
"How will you know if you die of the Delta variant of COVID?" "On your way to heaven or wherever, you'll make a stop in Atlanta."
"What do you call a fat Asian hooker?" "Chun ki ho"
"A wise grey-haired old man once told me" "***""You know, a long time ago being crazy meant something. Nowadays everybody's crazy.""***

And he also gave me this bottle filled with some strange-looking sticky white liquid which I completely had no idea wtf is it"
"I just read that in an alternate ending to Beauty and the Beast the Beast turns ravenous and eats Cogsworth" "He was delicious, but the whole process was time consuming."
"What is the difference between corn on the cob and corn off the cob?" "Now that I have your ear- there is no punchline. This has all just been a corny set up."
"How did the constipated Mathematician work out his problem?" "With a pencil."
"An old blind man walks by a fish market" "As he’s walking by he stops and takes a good long sniff and says “Morning Ladies”"
"I got into a pull-up contest with another guy at the gym today and I won" "I really lowered the bar."
"What do you call a person who say they don’t masturbate?" "A liar"
"He really has potential in playing football." "I once saw him getting struck by lightening when playing on a rainy day."
"I got kicked out of band camp for trying to play a guitar with a bow." "They said I violated it."
"The plane I was on got struck by lightening." "Surprised nothing happened to it being it wasn't grounded."
"When I was hiking in the woods I stumbled upon a beauty pageant jamboree." "It was pretty in tents."
"At a business convention, 3 anti semites cornered an old Jewish man." "The first man laughed ""Everyone thinks you jews have all the money. But I'm so rich, I could buy every hotel in this city!""

The second man continued ""Forget the jews, I'm a proud white Christian and I could literally buy every factory in the country tomorrow!""

The third man said ""I am happy to say I have not a trace of jewish blood, yet I could buy any airline I want.""

The jewish man shrugged. ""I'm not selling."""
"A priest, an imam, and a rabbi are stranded on a desert island..." "The priest says, ""I will pray to Jesus for deliverance from this island."" The imam says, ""I will pray to Mohammed for a swift rescue."" They're starting to pray when they notice the Jew just tossing rocks into the surf. They ask him, ""Aren't you going to pray to your God? It can't hurt."" The rabbi replies, ""Listen, last year I gave $20,000 to the Jewish Federation. They'll find me."""
"What do you get when you cross a Big Mac with a triple Cheeseburger?" "You get to spray feces out of your ass with the force of 10 Nagasaki bombs for the next 60 minutes or so"
"I had a Chinese last night" "She was lovely"
"How do bees have sex?" "They do it from BEEhind"
"A judge was in court and I was sitting said hey you and then years given down and gone wrong and you were taken back away." "And the defense attorney said: “Was that a sentence?!”"
"Little Johnny is at the zoo with his mom when they end up at the primate exhibit and witness two monkeys having sex" "Johnny asks, ""Mommy, what are those monkeys doing?""



His mom awkwardly responds ""They're making a new baby monkey."" and quickly rushes him off to another exhibit.


That night after they come home from the zoo, he hears noises from his parents room and opens the door to find them having sex. He starts cheering unexpectedly. His parents, bewildered, ask him what he's celebrating about. Little Johnny says, ""We're getting a baby monkey!"""
"I would say Kyle Dunnigan..." "I would say Kyle Dunnigan is 10 times funnier than SNL but when you multiply 0 by 10 you still get 0."
"I Know a Karen, She's Nice" "Oh, sorry. I meant to say she's in Nice. Thought I'd give you guys a heads-up."
"I was kidnapped by mimes once..." "...they did unspeakable things to me."
"Charlie's wife, Lucy, had been after him for several weeks to paint the seat on their toilet." "Finally, he got around to doing it while Lucy was out. After finishing, he left to take care of another matter before she returned.
She came in and undressed to take a shower. Before getting in the shower, she sat on the toilet. As she tried to stand up, she realized that the not-quite-dry epoxy paint had glued her to the toilet seat.
About that time, Charlie got home and realized her predicament.
They both pushed and pulled without any success whatsoever.
Finally, in desperation, Charlie undid the toilet seat bolts. Lucy wrapped a sheet around herself and Charlie drove her to the hospital emergency room.
The ER Doctor got her into a position where he could study how to free her.
Lucy tried to lighten the embarrassment of it all by saying, ""Well, Doctor, I'll bet you've never seen anything like this before.""
The Doctor replied, ""Actually, I've seen lots of them. I just never saw one mounted and framed."""
"Climate change is such a joke" "on us."
"Imagine a transgender person with dwarfism." "Is everything they do a microtransaction?"
"Anti-vaxxer: ""This corona hoax is getting old.""" "Me: ""You aren't."""
"Could’ve been in the nba but God put 10inches in the wrong spot" "It’s funny cos it’s true"
"I recently bought some pastries........" "......They were really cheap, just like me when I  bargained for it !"
"Do you know what 50 cent did when he got hungry?" 58
"Poland is full of Poles" "Holland is full of Holes"
"How do you pick a motivated astronaut dog?" "It‘s the one that’s always snoffing Uranus."
"A Woman goes to buy a Parrot. The prices are $100, $200, and $15. She asks why the last one is so cheap?" " ""Because he used to live in a brothel"" says the shopkeeper. She pays $15.

When she gets home the parrot says: ""Fuck me, a new brothel!"" The woman laughs.

When her daughters get home the parrot says: ""Fuck me, 2 new prozzies!"" The girls laughs too.

When the dad gets home the parrot says: ""Fuck me Pete, haven't seen you for weeks!"""
"A man is at the 5th game in the World Series and the stands are jammed, except there's one empty seat between him and another man that's been empty for an hour" "The man asks the guy nearby, ""what's up with the empty seat?"" The other guy replies, ""my wife usually sits there but she died."" 

""Sorry to hear that. Don't you have friends who like baseball?"" asks the other man.

""Sure, lots of friends but they're all at my wife's funeral."""
"I identify as a billionaire" "So give me money, a private jet and my own island or you’re all a bunch of plutophobics"
"A priest and a nun" "A Priest and a nun run out of a flaming church as the flames raged.

""We must escape!"" The Nun said

""But what about the kids?!"" The Priest replied in horror

""Fuck the kids!"" She replied and started to run

""You think we'd have time?"" The priest shouted"
"A group of friends are hiking in the mountains, when they spot a bear running towards them..." "They frantically drop everything then start running from the bear. But the bear soon catches up to the slowest friend and mauls him.

The horrified friends watch in horror as the bear feasts on their deceased mate.

Then one of them breaks into tears sobbing:


""I feel so guilty!""

""It could've been any of us, my friend. You should not feel any shame or guilt!""

""You mean... You guys would've tripped him too?"""
"Two Americans in the Arabian desert." "Two Americans were walking in the Arabian desert one morning, when they come across a mosque.

They hadn't had food or water for days, and thought maybe the people in the mosque would give them some.

""Ok, Joe, we will tell these people we are Muslims, and maybe they will give us some food and something to drink. You'll be Hassan, and I'll be Muhammed"", said Roger.

""No way, man. I'm not going to say that, even if they won't give us anything to drink"", replied Joe.

They go up and knock on the door, a Muslim man with a smile on his face answers the door, ""yes, how may I help you?"".

""Hello, I'm Muhammed and this is Joe. We were wondering if we could have something to eat and drink"", asked Roger.

""Why, of course! Joe, we will bring you some food, and for you, Muhammed, it is Ramadan and we won't be breaking our fast until sundown""."
"Did you hear Trump was having some impotency issues after leaving office?" "Turns out China did steal the erection."
"How to wash a cat" " 1 . Put both lids on the toilet up and add in cup of pet shampoo to the water in the bowl.






 2. Pick up the cat and soothe him while you carry him towards the bathroom






 3. In one smooth movement put the cat in the toilet and close the lid. You may need to stand on the lld.






 4. At this point the cat wilI self-agitate and make ample suds. Never mind the noises that come from the toilet, the cat is actually enjoying this.






 5. Flush the toilet two or three times. This provides a 'Power-Wash'






 6. Have someone open the front door of your home. Be sure that there are no people between the bathroom and the front.






 7. Stand well back, behind the toilet as far as you can, and quickly lift the Iid.






 8. The cat will rocket out of the toilet, streak through the bathroom, and run outside where he will dry himself off.






 9. Both the toilet and the cat will be sparkling clean.
 





Yours Sincerely,





The Dog"
"A priest gets invited to go play a round of golf with the pope…" "However, it happens to be on the same day he is to officiate the marriage of a close friend. Fearing that this opportunity would never present itself again, he steps out of the ceremony claiming he is severely sick. 

On the day of the wedding, the priest meets the pope at a beautiful 18 hole golf course. Perfectly manicured greens, luxurious golf carts, the works. However, after a few holes, the weather takes a dramatic turn for the worse. Dark clouds roll in while thunder begins to loudly boom. 

A lightning bolt strikes a nearby tree. Convinced that this is a sign of God’s displeasure with his actions, the priest confesses to the pope and begs him to drive back to the clubhouse lest they get struck. 

The pope chuckles and holds up a 1-iron club above his head. 

“What are you doing!?” says the priest.

“Don’t worry” replies the pope. Not even God can hit a 1-iron."
"Mayo is a Horse" "Mayo Neighs"
"Three men, aged 40, 60 and 80, discuss their sex lives." "The 40-year old says: ""When my wife and I were just married, we'd do it every single day. Any position you could imagine. But now I'm lucky if we can average once a week"".

The 60-year old man responds: ""Once a week? Just wait till you get to my age. Once a month is what I consider an active sex life"".

The 80-year old man laughs and shakes his head. ""What a sad pair you two make. I'm an old fart and I bang my wife almost every day of the week"". The other two look at him in disbelief. ""It's true"", he says, ""almost on Monday, almost on Tuesday, almost on Wednesday,..."""
"My Landlord has been sending me pictures and videos of homeless people sleeping on the street and my rent will be due in few weeks." " Is she trying to tell me something because I don't understanding her anymore."
"A guy goes to a restaurant and the waitress" "Walks over and asks him what he’d like. Right away he says “I’ll have a bowl of chilli”. She frowns and says “I’m sorry sir but the gentleman at the table next to you got the last bowl of chilli that we had.”. The guy sighs and says “alright. I’ll have a look at the menu.”. The waitress walks away and the guy looks over every single option and nothing really appetizers him as much as that chilli. He looks over to the guy who got the last bowl and noticed that although every other plate and bowl is completely cleaned, the chilli hasn’t been touched. So he asks the man “hey. Sorry, are you gonna eat that?” The man says “Nope. Help yourself.”. He grabs the bowl of chilli and right away starts wolfing it down. He gets about halfway through the bowl before he hits something hard with his spoon. He looks down and realizes there’s a dead mouse in the chilli. He right away Pukes up all the chilli he just ate back into the bowl. The guy he got it from looks over and says “yeah. That’s about as far as I got too”"
"Everybody Knows Somebody Called DAVE." "Dave is an advertising executive in L.A., who is always boasting that he knows EVERYONE on the planet, &amp; they all know him.

His colleagues love hearing his stories about this celebrity,  or that politician. However, his boss doesn't believe a word &amp; challenges him to prove his boasts.

Boss: I'll name 3 people. If you can't prove you know them &amp; they know YOU, you're fired &amp; I'll  make sure you never work in this town again. 

Dave: Boss, I know everyone.  Who's first?

Boss: Tom Cruise.

Dave: Me &amp; Tom were in acting class at Yale. We go way back.

So they drive up to Beverly Hills &amp; knock on Tom's mansion door. Tom answers &amp; says: Hi Dave, I've just got the NEW Mission Impossible script. Come &amp; have a read, &amp; tell me what you think.

(Boss is suitably impressed)

Boss: OK, well done. Next is the President,  Barak Obama (this identifiesthe age of the joke)

Dave: After I left Yale, I was an undergrad at Harvard Law. I roomed with him before he met Michelle.

So they go out to Washington &amp; start a tour of the White House. Just as they're passing the west wing, they hear a voice saying: Hi Dave, I have a security council meeting soon, but I've always got time for an old friend.  They proceed to the Oval Office for coffee.

At this point, the boss is EXTREMELY impressed and says: RIGHT, I'll change the challenge.  If you can prove you know the LAST person PERSONALLY, not only is your job safe, but I'll make you a partner.

Dave: Boss, I told you, I know EVERYBODY.  Who is it?

Boss: His Holiness, THE POPE!

Dave: no worries, boss.  Prior to Yale, I was in Seminary with him.

So they board the corporate jet &amp; fly to Rome.  They enter the Vatican, where they gather in St Peter's Square, surrounded by the 10,000s of the faithful. 

Dave: boss,  he won't spot me among all these people. Give me 1/2 an hour. I know all of the Swiss Guard.  I'll come out on the balcony with him.

30 minutes later, the doors open on the balcony, &amp; the Pope emerges to perform his benediction. Q RqR Next to him is Dave.

30 minutes after, &amp; he returns, to find his boss prone on the floor &amp; being administered by paramedics. 
¹
Dave: Boss, boss, what happened? 

Boss: I....had a.....heart att....ack. 

Dave: But boss, I told you I knew him.

Boss: It wasn't that.....

Dave: well what was it then?

Boss: You came out onto the balcony, with His Holiness, &amp; the guy next to me, gave me a nudge &amp; asked........






WHO'S THAT ON THE BALCONY WITH DAVE???"
"What do you call it when Eskimos use suggestive phrases?" Inuit-o
"I agree that we should build a wall. Walls work at doing what they are suppose too." "Not once have I seen a Mexican in China

Credit: @jimmy carr"
"Did you hear about the impossible IQ test with the question: BLANK, Pentagon Two, Hexagon Three, Heptagon Four?" "Everyone had to keep going back to Square One"
"Why do people assume that porn stars are vegan?" "Because they're deep into nut butters"
"What do you call two gay guys having sex?" "Fucking faggots."
"My friend and I worked together and made a documentary about the virus that hit the world in 2020." "It was a co-vid."
"I heard Eminem quit playing musical chairs." "Everyone kept calling him 'the real Slim Shady' once he sat down."
"How do you stop a dog from humping your leg?" "Pick it up and suck its dick."
"Three explorers get lost in a huge jungle." 
"Not going to go out of my way to touch your cat. No thank you." "When people ask you to pet their cat."
"A man walks into a shop and wants to buy soap:" "(I'm on mobile so forgive me if it looks clustered)

Cashier: ""Hello Sir""

Man: ""How much is your soap?""

C: ""2.50$, Sir""

M: ""2.50$?? That's way more expensive than the other store I was at. I want it to be 1$!""

C: ""Fine 1$""

M: ""But 1$ is 4 quarters, I could go to the other store and buy more soap than here. Make it cheaper!""

C: ""Alright, one quarter please""

*Man pays and cashier gives him the soap and condoms*

M: ""What is this? Why are you giving me condoms?""

C: ""So stingy people like you don't repopulate. Have a nice day"""
"What did the Bra say to the hat?" "You go on a head! I’ll support these two!"
"Just because I’m white doesn’t mean I have a racist history, some of us are from different countries." "Like Germany."
"Street peddlers who sell meth are finally being caught and put behind bars" "But experts warn that this is just the tip of iceberg"
"Everyone knows about Darth Vader, but very few people talk about his wife." "Ella wasn’t great at conquering planets but she did make it easier to navigate the Death Star."
"I have seen a lot of Asian people in my city lately" "But I think they are all sets of twins or the only asian person is really fast."
"I have something to say to those who insist I stop ending my sentences with prepositions." "Off with which to piss."
"What do you say to a hat?" "“You go on ahead”"
"Boudreaux pulls up to Thibedeau's house towing his boat." "He calls for Thibedeau, who comes out the front door

Boudreaux says ""I got a new outboard, let's see how she runs.""

Thibedeau says ""I'll get my gear!""

They head down to the bayou and are cruising along when Boudreaux hits an underwater stump .  His brand new outboard gets knocked right off the transom.

""Merde"" says Boudreaux ""my motor!""

Thibedeau says ""Don't worry 'bout it buddy.  I'll get it for you."" and jumps in.

&amp;#x200B;

Couple of minutes pass and with no sign of Thibedeau.  

""Where is that fool?""  Boudreaux sticks his head in the water and see Thibedeau furiously pulling the starter cord.

Boudreaux shakes his head and yells ""Thibedeau, you dumb sum bitch ...You gotta choke it!"""
"Why are alot of suicide bombers over 40?" "They need  boomers!"
"How does an octopus go to war?" "Well armed!"
"What do you call a camel with two humps?" Pregnant!
"How do you tell the difference between a cricket and a grasshopper?" "The cricket is the one with the bat."
"The appliances in a sexy woman's bathroom start arguing..." "It all started when the bathtub was bragging he gets to see her naked everyday. 
The sink piped up, ""That's nothing. Daily oral. What guy could ask for more?""
The toilet flushed, ""Amateur. I get both holes. Anal multiple times a day."" 
The tub, feeling like he shouldn't be beat by the toilet said, ""Hey, listen pal. You may get more ass than I do but I don't take shit."""
"Tom Thumb, snow white and Quasimodo are sat around the campfire" "Drinking, smoking, chatting shit. Tom Thumb says ""I bet you anything I'm the tiniest person in the world""

Snow white says ""I bet you anything that I'm the fairest woman in the world""

Quasimodo says ""I bet you anything that I'm the ugliest bastard in the world'

So they decide to go to the Guinness book of world records to find out.

Tom Thumb goes in and runs out 5 mins later ""it's true, I am the tiniest person in the world""

Snow white goes in and runs out 5 mins later ""it's true, I am the fairest woman in the world""

Quasimodo goes in and runs out absolutely fuming ""who the fuck is [insert friends name]?"""
"As we left the restaurant, she said, ""We should have dinner again. """ "I said,  ""Not me!! I'm stuffed."""
"[oc] Why do you never invite a DJ to fishing" "They always drop the bass"
"What does a French Duck do when its so hungry that it hurts?" "It cries out in pain."
"Han Solo didn’t like his steak…" "… because it was Chewy."
"What do you call a HIV positive man with plaits in his hair?" BRAIDS.
"If you have a green ball in your left hand and a green ball in your right hand, what do you have?" "Kermit’s undivided attention."
"[OC] I once hired a hooker from northwestern Canada" "Talk about Yukon ho!"
"In 1936 the 200m gold medalist was Jesse Owens" ".. but now he's under the grass."
"Redneck Dog in Heat" "On  a hot day, a 'good ol' boy stopped at the tavern for a cold beer,  leaving his hound dog tied to a parking meter in front of the joint.

One  beer led to another, and soon a cop came in and said, ""Is that your dog  outside?"" ""Sure is,"" said the redneck. ""Well, I want you to know she's  in heat,"" said the cop. ""No she ain't.  I tied her in the shade."" ""No,  no!  I mean she needs to be bred."" ""That's stupid.  How can a dog be a  loaf of bread?"" The exasperated cop said, ""I mean she needs to be  screwed!"" ""Oh. Well go ahead and screw her. I always wanted a police  dog."""
"Jill decides to take her husband Jack to a strip club for his birthday." " They arrive at the club and the doorman says, ""Hey, Jack! How ya doin'?""

Jill is puzzled and asks if he has been to this club before. ""Oh no,"" says Jack. ""He's on my bowling team.""

When they are seated, a waitress asks Jack if he would like his usual and brings over a Budweiser.

Jill is becoming increasingly uncomfortable and says, ""How did she know that you drink Budweiser?""

""She's in the Ladies Bowling League, honey. We share lanes with them.""

A stripper then comes over to their table, throws her arms around Jack, and says ""Hi Jack ! Want your usual table dance, big boy?""

Jill, now furious, grabs her purse and storms out of the club.

Jack follows and spots her getting into a cab. Before she can slam the door, he jumps in beside her.

He tries desperately to explain how the stripper must have mistaken him for someone else, but his wife is having none of it.

She is screaming at him at the top of her lungs, calling him every name in the book.

The cabby turns his head and says, ""Looks like you picked up a real bitch tonight, Jack""."
"How was the Colorado Canyon created?" "Two misers were walking and one of them dropped a penny in a crevice, the two misers took their shovels, started digging and the rest is history..."
"I got a joke book from the 30s" "It’s seems pretty interesting. Here’s one of the jokes: “what do you call a filthy ni....”, I was advised not to write the rest"
"Ever wonder why there are always stories about vampires in Europe but none in Africa?" "
Well...

turns out vampires are allergic to holy water.

Also turns out they bless the rains down in Africa...."
"Waiter, there's a fly swimming in my soup..." "Good, that means it's not too hot..."
"Bless the undead" "Ever wonder why there are always stories about vampires in Europe, north America etc, but never any in Africa?

Well turns out vampires are allergic to holy water.

Also turns out they bless the rains down in Africa...."
"There was a certain hoarder." "He hoarded so many parts but did not operate a parts store. In one part of his house, he kept auto parts and vacuum cleaner parts. In another part of the house, he kept furniture parts and computer parts and other miscellaneous parts. In the basement and under the floorboards, he kept body parts.

&amp;#x200B;

So I guess you could say he was part-crazy!"
"Doctor, can I bathe with diarrhea?" "Well, if you have enough diarrhea then there's no problem..."
"Why did the man keep getting hit by the bike?" "He was stuck in a vicious cycle."
"What sound do sheep make?" """If you don't vote you can't complain"""
"The neighbors hate us" """The neighbors hate us.""
""Why?""
""Well, you remember when we had that bonfire in my yard, and were roasting marshmallows?""
""Yeah, that was really fun.""
""And remember how the house up the road caught fire, and all those fire engines came, and we ran to see what was going on, and the wife was crying in her husband's arms, and how everyone looked at us funny?""
""Yeah, I remember! I wondered what we'd done...""
""We were still holding our marshmallow sticks."""
"I once saw a ghost made of chocolates and vanilla..." "Ice creamed."
"If Alabama was a porn movie..." "It would be rated PG - Parental Guidance suggested."
"American citizen meets Russian citizen." "American says: ""We have democracy in our country. I can stand in front of White House and shout ""Biden is a scumbag!"" and and the police won't do anything to me"".
Russian says: ""Oh, not a big deal, we also have democracy. I can stand on the Red Square and shout ""Biden is a scumbag!"" and the police won't do anything to me""."
"I'll do anything you want for $20.00" "Walking down the street one day and a rough looking girl comes up to me and says."" I'll do anything you want for $20.00"".

&amp;#x200B;

I said, "" Okay, here's 20 bucks.  Go paint my house""."
"If I had a dollar for every time someone over 40 told me my generation sucks..." " Then I could afford a house in the economy they ruined."
"An American pig farmer is visiting Ireland" "He goes to a pub and starts talking with an Irish pig farmer. They're discussing all the differences between farming in their respective countries when the American asks the Irishman how he feeds his pigs.

""Sure, it's nearly that time now,"" says the Irishman, ""why don't I show you?""

They head back to his farm and go out back to the pen with the pigs. Then, to the American's astonishment, the Irish farmer throws his arms around one of pigs, picks it up, and carries it across the yard to an apple tree. He holds the pig up to the branches, letting the pig pick out and munch away on as many apples as it needs. Once its had its fill, he brings it back to the pen, picks another pig up, and repeats the procedure.

After he finishes with all his pigs he turns to the American and says, ""that's how we do it in Ireland!""

""Don't you think that takes way too much time, doing them one by one like that?"" asks the American.

""Ah, sure,"" says the Irishman, ""but they don't mind the wait."""
"Why are crickets a comedians favorite audience?" "They laugh at all your jokes"
"Shouldn't computer viruses be called STDs?" "You know, Software Transmitted Diseases"
"How do you make a bear cross?" "Just nail 2 bears together"
"Why do pedophiles make the best body builders?" "Because they are huge supporters of pro-teen."
"A man returns from the military." "His wife was happy to see after him because he had been gone for so long and wanted to have crazy sex with him. But later that night the husband showed no interest  in her.
So she devised a plan to seduce him.
She went up to the window and threw her tshirt on the bed.
Wife: OMG honey, look what the wind blew away!!.
The husband did not care a bit and then she threw her bra on the bed.
Wife: OMG honey, look what the wind blew away!!.
Husband angrily gets up from his bed , opens his pants and shows.
Husband: OMG honey, look what the grenade blew away."
"Roger was very thin because he was afraid to spend a lot of money on food. He looked forward to the day when his grandfather would die and leave him a fortune." "His grandfather was blessed with both a sense of humor and a sense of justice. So he planned that when he finally died all he would leave to Roger was a cookie.

But what a cookie.

It was made with butter, churned from milk from a yak milked by a virginal milkmaid on the highest field on a hidden Himalayan peak next to the ultimate source of the sacred Ganges River.

It was made with flour harvested from plants of the single-grained EinKorn found growing on the site of a Neolithic Anatolian village and ground between millstones of Lapus Lazuli.

It was made from eggs collected from Peahen nests in the remotest marshes of outback Australia.

It was made from sugar boiled from a cane garden in a secret valley in New Guinea.

It was flavored with a vanilla pod from the mysterious and still sacred original Vanilla Vine found by the Totonac people when they arrived in the Mazatlán Valley on the Gulf Coast of Mexico in the 15th century.

It had added flavor, as well, with chocolate chips made from the beans of a Cacao tree found on the site of a previously undiscovered Mayan temple.

When Roger's grandfather died, the cookie was baked by Goddam Ramsey in a kitchen built exclusively for the purpose.

It was the most expensive cookie ever baked and its ingredients consumed the entire fortune.

The lawyers delivered the cookie to the anorexic Roger as his entire inheritance. Understandably, all the other relatives were more than a little put out and they paid Roger a visit.

They all wanted their share of the fortune but they couldn't find it because it had disappeared into the thin heir."
"Andrew Cuomo's hair stylist says time to make a change" "Her cutting edge research suggests a cuomover fade would suit him well."
"A guy is lost in the forest, when suddenly a vampire jumps from behind a tree." "A guy is lost in the forest, when suddenly a vampire jumps from behind a tree. ""I'm thirsty"", says the vampire, ""I'm going to to bite you in the neck and drink your blood!""

""Nooo!!!"" cries the man, ""Please don't! I have a wife and kids! I'm too young to die!""

""I don't care"" says the vampire, ""I still want your blood"".

""Please, I beg you!"" begs the man. ""Have mercy! I'll give you anything. Let me live"".

The vampire stops to think. ""OK"" he says. ""I'm in a good mood today, so I will let you choose. Either I drink your blood or I fuck you in the ass"".

The poor guy cries, but eventually decides that being fucked in the ass is better than having all his blood being drunk. He takes off his pants and the vampire fucks him in the ass.

After he is done, the man continues crying. ""You can go now - I will not drink your blood"" says the vampire, trying to cheer him up a bit. ""Go back to your wife and kids. No one needs to know what happened"".

The man continues crying. ""What is someone saw us? I live in a small town. News will spread fast. Everyone will think I'm gay"".

The vampire stops him: ""You will have to deal with it. It's not the end of the world. Everyone thinks I'm a vampire - you don't see me crying""."
"A comedian, known for his adult jokes, is invited on a talk show" "While on the show, he drops a f-bomb while speaking with the host.
Looking around, he says with an apologetic expression, ""Oh, really sorry about that. Are there any parents with kids in the audience?""
A few parents in the audience nod their heads raise their hands.
""Cheese-n-Rice"",says the comedian,""Why in the motherbleeping heck would you bring your kids when you know I'm invited?"""
"Thinking about going to therapy…" "…but there’s this woman I follow from high school on Twitter who says she wants to be a mental health counselor yet constantly posts about her escapades with pro athletes and how she’s extremely unhappy…and these are the people I’m supposed to seek help from?"
"The Karen" "Little Johnny finds it a bit hard relating to his grandmother. He tells me she is always over reacting and telling him what he can and can not do. I told him to listen and respect his Granny Karen. Little Johnny told me that explains it. I assured him that Karen really is her name. Then little Johnny asked if she was the first one where they all started from?"
"I can't believe my unscented deodorant really smells like nothing." "That's nonsense!"
"I got an erection at a friend’s funeral" "It was a mourning wood."
"A Jewish father was quite troubled by his errant son’s behavior, and went to see the rabbi about it..." "“I brought him up as a Jew, spent a small fortune on his education and almost as much on his bar mitzvah. Then he calls me to tell me he has decided to become a Christian! Rabbi, where did I go wrong?”

“Funny you should come to me,” said the rabbi. “Like you, I too brought my son up as a good Jew, put him through college—it cost me a fortune—and then one day he too came and told me he had decided to become a Christian.” 

“What did you do?” the man demanded anxiously. 

“I turned to God for the answer,” replied the Rabbi. 

“And what did he say?” the father pressed. 

He said, ""'Funny you should come to me …'"""
"What do you call a book club that's been stuck on one book for years?" " Church"
"A woman with no arms and no legs was lying on the beach..." "A woman with no arms and no legs was lying on the beach as a fit, handsome man walked by.

""Sir,"" she said, ""Would you do me a favor? I'm very lonely here. Would you give me a hug?""

""Certainly,"" he said, and knelt down to give her a hug.

She blushed and said, ""That was wonderful. Can I be very frank with you? Because of my condition, I've only ever been kissed once in my life and that hug was so great, would you do me a favor of giving me a kiss, too?""

""Of course,"" he said, and laid along, slow, passionate kiss upon her lips. He held her tightly for a full minute, savoring the experience and feeling how she practically melted in his arms.

""Sir,"" she said, ""you are truly amazing. I know this may seem like a shock, but I have one more favor. Again, because of my condition, I've never been fucked. Would you be willing to do that for me and give me a memory that will last for a lifetime?""

The man thought for only a moment, and said, ""You got it."" Then he leaned down and picked her up, rifled through the purse she had been laying on, and took out her credit card. Then he signed her up for Planet Fitness memberships with monthly payments at 700 gyms across the country, each of which required her to show up in-person to cancel. ""There,"" he said, ""now you're fucked."""
"A man arrives at a hotel after a long train journey, exhausted. He comes into a communal room and sees three other guys who are drunk and talking loudly." "They are cracking anti-government jokes and laughing at Khrushchev. The man is annoyed that he can't sleep so he hatches a plan. He walks out into a corridor and asks a staff member to bring him a cup of tea. He then comes back into the room and starts talking to the noisy fellows:

""Comrades, you shouldn't joke like that here. Every room is bugged, you know...""

""Nonsense! Who would listen to us?"" ""Well, let me show you""

The man walks up to a socket and says into it: ""Comrade major, can I have a cup of tea please?""

Sure enough, the staff member soon enters with a cup of tea.

""See, told you.""

The three men are pale and quiet for the entire night, so the tired man finally gets some good sleep.

He wakes up the next morning alone. He walks downstairs and asks the receptionist about the fate of the three men.

""At 3 in the morning the KGB came and arrested them. Comrade major also said that he liked your little trick, but warned you to be careful next time."""
"My friend had sex with a German girl last night" "He said it was a bit strange… for some reason she kept shouting her age"
"A boy and his grandpa go out fishing" "A boy goes out fishing with his grandpa who is an old retired sailor, real rough around the edges kind of guy

While fishing grandpa pulls out a cigarette and lights it.  The boy asks ""can I have one?"" And grandpa asks back ""can you touch your pecker to your asshole?"" The boy says ""no"" and grandpa takes a puff and says ""well you aren't enough of a man yet""

They go back to fishing 

grandpa pulls out a flask and takes a drink.  The boy asks ""can I have one?"" And grandpa asks back ""can you touch your pecker to your asshole?"" The boy says ""no"" and grandpa takes another drink and says ""well you aren't enough of a man yet""

They go back to fishing

The boy pulls out some fresh baked cookies from his bag and starts to eat one.  Grandpa asks ""het can I have one of those?"" The boy asks back ""well can you touch your pecker to your asshole?"" Grandpa replies ""you're damn right I can!""

""Well go fuck yourself then these are my cookies"""
"Did you ever blow bubbles in the tub when you were a kid?" "Because, I saw Bubbles the other day. He's doing well and asked about you."
"Two antennas got married in a train" "The reception was kinda dated and terrible but at least their conductors were ok."
Outhouse "A boy is waiting for the school bus and decides to push over the outhouse. When he gets home his father is waiting for him, belt in hand. He says, ""Son, did you push over the outhouse?"" The son replies, ""Well, Dad, we learned about George Washington in school today and like him I cannot tell a lie. Yes, I pushed over the outhouse."" The father says, ""You do realize you're going to be punished now, right?"" The son protests, ""But Dad, when George Washington told the truth about cutting down the cherry tree, he didn't get punished!"" His father replies, ""Well, George Washington's father wasn't IN the cherry tree."""
"When you apply for welfare in Mexico, what does the government give you?" " A map of the United States."
"The Shoppers" "A man walked into a fur store accompanied by beautiful, stacked redhead. ""Show my new girlfriend your finest mink,"" he announced loudly. The storeowner quickly retrieved a full coat, which the redhead tried on and loved. ""That coat costs $100,000,"" the shop owner said. ""No problem,"" the man smiled, ""I'll write you a check in full for it right now."" ""Wonderful!"" beamed the shop owner, ""Since today is Friday, I'll just hold it for you to pick up on Monday after your check has had a chance to clear the bank."" The happy couple left the store. On Monday afternoon, the man returned alone, and was greeted by the owner angrily, ""How dare you come back here and show your face again? Didn't you know your check would bounce because of insufficient funds?"" ""Oh, sure,"" smiled the happy customer, ""But I just came by to thank you for the best weekend of my life."""
"What is Alabama's most popular video game?" "Super Smash Brothers"
"Release your best furniture puns :)" "Give me your best furniture and mattress puns. I need a good laugh about my day job and because I'm a salesmen for a furniture company and that I feel my energy is duller than a broken pencil; I'll keep some of the best in my back pocket to make some good folks giggle XD 

  
Sorry if this is a place to only tell jokes and not ask lol :) Thanks for you entertainment everyone =D"
"DC should release a TV series with all their movie bloopers titled ""Oops!""" "Because better an ""Oops!"" than a ""What If?"""
"My stoner friend used my daily planner to roll up a joint" "He’s now high on my list of priorities."
"Itvis international talk like a pirate day!" "Arrgh, I'm not paying for all these streaming services!"
"Your mama so fat" "I accidentally ran a marathon while trying to pass her on the street"
"50-year wedding anniversary" "The married couple at the dinner table.

The wife asks:

\-Do you remember what you were thinking 50 years ago?

\-Yes, I've thought about fucking you silly and sucking your tits till they're dry.

\-I see... What are you thinking now?

\-I think I've did it..."
"To save money, the British government are combining paternity testing with its service to track down deadbeat parents" "It's called Messed and Trace"
"Can the mods of this sub explain as to why my posts were removed?" "Now my fence has fallen over…."
"Whole Foods just banned obese people 😳" "Which had almost no affect on their business,

Only the pharmacy had to shut down"
"I'm so old I was into" "Pre Malone."
"Is it racist?" "So I made a joke with my friends the other day and they thought it was racist and I shouldn’t say it. We were casually talking abt Buddhism and I made a joke. Btw, none of us are Buddhist nor religious. And the joke is that Buddha left his family to become a monk like a black guy leaving his family to go buy milk. Not that funny but still I made a joke right in that moment. Now all my friends didn’t find that funny and found it offensive. I didn’t intent on being racist, I just thought it’s a bit funny. So I gotta ask, was that really racist??"
"A Traffic Cop pulls over a speeding vehicle:" "A Traffic Cop pulls over a speeding vehicle:
“Name please.”
“Erm, it’s Johnny Wankenbrake.”
“Wanking-Break?”
“Yeah.”
“Ok, Address?”
“Well, my address is my work: Filthy Fingers Films on the Industrial Estate.”
“Right, look buddy, I’m not putting that in a report, take it easy - no more speeding, I’ll let you off with a warning.”
With that, Johnny and the Traffic Cop went their separate ways.
An hour later, Johnny was pulled over by another Traffic Cop:
“Name please.”
“Erm, it’s Johnny Wankenbrake.”
“Wanking-Break?”
“Yeah.”
“Right, Address?”
“Well, my address is my work: Filthy Fingers Films on the Industrial Estate.”
“Filthy Fing… on this occasion mate, as this appears to be your first offence, I’m going to let you off with a warning.”
With that, Johnny and the second Traffic Cop went their separate ways.
Later that day, after the 2 Traffic Cops had finished their shift, they were both at the Pub reminiscing about their day:
“I pulled over this guy right, said his name was Johnny Wanking-Break.”
“Fuck off, address of Filthy Fingers Films over on the Industrial Estate?”
“You got him too?”
“Yeah - didn’t want to fill out a report, but fuck it, we should follow this up.”
With that, the Traffic Cop Googles and proceeds to phone up Filthy Fingers Films:
“Good Evening, Triple F, how can I help you?”
“Yeah, just wondering, do you have a Wanking Break?”
“Nah, just two 15 minutes and 30 minutes for lunch like everyone else…”"
"A bear walks up to a cougar in a bar and" "Throws salmon in its ear hole."
"My friend died when he couldn't remember his blood type ..." "He kept repeating ""**Be Positive!**"" as he was in my arms, but it's really hard to stay positive without him."
"Someone just broke into my garage and stole my Limbo stick." "I mean, how low can you go?"
"Why did the African band win the battle of the bands?" "They were Moroccan"
"If only we had the foresight to know if the toilet will back up when we flush." Preclognition
"A friend told me I need to stop joking about his baldness. I said, okay I swear," "No cap"
"My wife has a problem" "The only time she has an orgasm is when I stick a $20 bill up her ass.

She comes from money."
"A woman stopped by unannounced at her recently married son’s house. She rang the doorbell and walked in. She was shocked to see her daughter-in-law lying on the couch, totally naked." "“What are you doing?” she asked.

“I’m waiting for my husband to come home from work,” the daughter-in-law said.

 “I am wearing my love dress.”

“Love dress? But you’re naked!” said the mother-in-law.

“My husband loves me to wear this dress,” she explained.

The mother-in-law left. When she got home, she undressed, showered, put on her best perfume, dimmed the lights, and lay on the couch waiting for her husband to arrive. Finally, her husband came home. He walked in and saw her lying there so provocatively.

What are you doing?” he asked.

This is my love dress” she whispered, sensually.

“Needs ironing,” he said."
"What do an ambulance and a yoga class have in common?" "They both contain stretchers."
"With all the lockdowns, I noticed that I'd started to put on weight. So I decided to give that Minecraft diet a go." "I'm on 3 square meals a day."
"Fifty Shades Of Grey Was Surprisingly Good..." "Considering the cameramen were filming one handed."
"I've stopped being funny ever since that accident" "The doctors said I lost my humerus"
"What do you get when you cross Hugh Jackman and Jackie Chan while they're both being jackasses?" "Huge Jackass Chan"
"Which is Hitler's least favourite search engine?" "Ask Jeeves"
"Did you hear the news today? Alabama is turning blue!" "Many Alabamians have trouble breathing because of Covid it seems."
"Which Phineas and Ferb character is the best at Dark Souls?" "Parry the Platypus"
"Electrile Dysfunction" "What did the Egoistic Male lightbulb say to the female one when confronted with ELECtrile Dysfunction:
""I need to be Turned On to Get Off"""
"A guy comes home completely drunk one night." "He lurches through the
door and is met by his scowling wife, who is most definitely not happy.

""Where the hell have you been all night?"" she demands.
""At this new bar,"" he says. ""The Golden Saloon. Everything there is golden.
It's got huge golden doors, a golden floor and even the urinal's gold!""

The wife still doesn't believe his story, and the next day checks the
phone book, finding a place across town called the Golden Saloon.
She calls up the place to check her husband's story.
""Is this the Golden Saloon?"" she asks when the bartender answers the
phone.
""Yes it is,"" bartender answers.
""Do you have huge golden doors?""
""Sure do."" ""Do you have golden floors?""
""Most certainly do.""
""What about golden urinals?""

There's a long pause, then the woman hears the bartender yelling,
""Hey, Duke, I think I got a lead on the guy that pissed in your saxophone last night!"""
"A software tester walks into a bar." "Runs into a bar. 

Crawls into a bar. 

Dances into a bar. 

Flies into a bar. 

Jumps into a bar. 

And orders: 

a beer. 

2 beers.

0 beers.

99999999 beers. 

a lizard in a beer glass. 

\-1 beer. 

""qwertyuiop"" beers. 

Testing complete.

A real customer walks into a bar, asks where the bathroom is, the bar goes up in flames."
"“Not saying that your wife is a hoe but you know what I mean..”" "Said that guy who just used “bros before hoes” with his boss in the worst possible time"
"I broke up with my abusive girlfriend" "She pegged me to stay.."
"What do bitcoin miners and Virginia Giuffre's legal team have in common?" "They're both trying to find a nonce"
"For the golfers: if you get caught in a thunderstorm on the golf course, grab your one iron and hold it up over your head." "Not even God can hit a one iron."
"Someone rings at the bell in the middle of the night" "He goes downstairs, opens the door and finds a man with a menacing look who says:
- I traveled all the way from Tunisia to kill you!
- TO WHAT?!
- TUNISIA


(I believe the original is in Portuguese and the man comes from Paraguai but I think you all deserve to hear this good joke)"
"Four lawyers and engineers are travelling on the train" "The lawyers all bought their tickets, but the engineers only bought one. The lawyers think the engineers are gonna get kicked off the train. The ticket inspector comes, the lawyers show their tickets, and the engineers run into the bathroom. The inspector knocks on the door, and the engineers give their one ticket. The lawyers got pissed because of how the engineers got away with that, so they plan on doing the same. They are going back, and the lawyers now only buy one ticket, while the engineers buy none. The lawyers see the inspector, and they run to the bathroom, then an engineer knocks to the door, and says:

- Tickets, please!"
Ygolohcysp "I don't think I fully understand this 'reverse psychology' thing."
"What sport do you play 24/7 and still has rules no one knows about yet?" "Your girlfriend/pheonce/wife/marriage"
"[OC] My two little nieces are devils in disguise" "But they fancy Elsa and Anna and dream to be them. 



So after hearing a millionth time from the more talkative one, how much she loves frozen, I decided its time to make her dreams come true.




So she ended in the refrigerator... Frozen.



Thinks were quiet and fine but the other sister caught me in the act and ended in the refrigerator as well. Now she is Frozen too!!



PS: Can be phrased better"
"A priest, a pastor, and a rabbit walked into a blood donation clinic." "A priest, a pastor, and a rabbit walked into a blood donation clinic. The nurse asked the rabbit, “What is your blood type?” The rabbit responded, “I’m probably a type O.”"
"Thirty years ago I murdered both of my parents in a fit of rage. I then slaughtered both of my sisters and my brother. Before I calmed down, I visited all my friends and killed each and every one of them. It was a terrible episode in my life and I regret it now more than ever." "I get released tomorrow and there's no one to pick me up."
"Do you like Spaghetti?" "Cuz you gotta meet my balls"
"What did the poet name his penis?" Longfellow
"A telephone technician gets his weiner bitten by a rattlesnake while peeing on a bush." "He and his coworker where fixing some phone lines in a remote location, fast from the city.

His coworker, not knowing what to do, climbs to the top of the telephone pole, connects his service telephone to the wires and calls 911.

The guy on the pole: ""Hello, emergencies? My coworker was bitten by a rattlesnake, what should we do?""

The 911 operator: ""In your tool box you'll find a first aid kit. In it you'll find a syringe with antivenom. Inject it in the left leg""

The guy on the ground shouts: ""What did they say?!""

The guy on the pole shouts back: ""They said to look in the tool box you'll find a first aid kit! In it you'll find a syringe with antivenom! Inject it in the left leg!!""

After 30 seconds, the guy on the ground shouts: ""There is no syringe!""

The guy on the pole, in the phone ""There is no syringe.""

911 answers back: ""In the same kit, you'll find a pill bottle with some green pills. He should take 3 with some water.""

The guy on the ground shouts: ""What did they say?!""

The guy on the pole shouts back: ""They said to look in the same kit, should be pill bottle with green pills! Take 3 of them with water!""

After few seconds, the guy on the ground shouts: ""There is no pill bottle!""

The guy on the pole, in the phone: ""There is no pill bottle.""

911 operator: ""Suck the venom out of the wound, with your mouth and spit out.""

The guy on the ground shouts: ""What did they say?!""

The guy on the pole: ""They said that you are going to die."""
"what has 7 balls and fucks you once a week for the last 20 years" "the lottery"
"this morning, my wife saved me from choking to death on a custard cream biscuit." "The fat cunt had eaten them all."
"what has 7 balls and fucks poor people" "the lottery"
"A man of Lahore" "A man of Lahore with a hobby  
Of cringey wordplay said, ""Not sorry!  
""My entendres are double,  
""Though my kids call me trouble:  
""I'm not just a dad, I'm Pun Jabi."""
"They’re teaching apple juicing down the road from me, but it got cancelled before I could go." "It was a pressing issue."
"Dance like no one is watching. Sing like no one is listening. Love like you’ve never been hurt." "And fuck like a goddamn retard.

-Norm Macdonald"
"Today is Talk Like a Pirate Day." "I'm going to watch my torrented Game of Thrones episodes to celebrate."
"Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?" "It runs in your jeans!"
"Drink jet fuel" "Dave and Jim were a couple of drinking buddies who worked as aircraft mechanics in Melbourne, Australia.
One day the airport was fogged in and they were stuck in the hangar with nothing to do.
Dave said, 'Man, I wish we had something to drink!' 
Jim says, 'Me too. Y'know, I've heard you can drink jet fuel and get a buzz.
You wanna try it?' 
So they pour themselves a couple of glasses of high octane booze and get completely smashed. 
The next morning Dave wakes up and is surprised at how good he feels.
In fact he feels GREAT! NO hangover! NO bad side effects.
Nothing!
Then the phone rings. It's Jim. Jim says, 'Hey, how do you feel this morning?'
Dave says, 'I feel great, how about you?'
Jim says, 'I feel great, too. You don't have a hangover?' 
Dave says, 'No that jet fuel is great stuff 
no hangover, nothing. We ought to do this more often..'
'Yeah, well there's just one thing.' 
'What's that?'
'Have you farted yet?'
'No.'
'Well, DON'T - cause I'm in New Zealand '"
"What is a single mans favorite fruit?" Cantaloupe.
"I went to see the doctor today and he said to me, “Don’t eat anything fatty.”" "I went to see the doctor today and he said to me, “Don’t eat anything fatty.”  
I said, “What – no bacon or sausages or burgers or anything?”  
He said, “No fatty, just don’t eat anything.”"
"I was walking past a farm and a sign said ""Duck, Eggs""" "I said: ""That's an unnecessary comma"" - and then it hit me!"
"My wife almost got the custody of our son" "But I changed my name to Mark

Then I bought him a rifle as a present

Now he is a marksman."
"A guy hires a prostitute and tells her ""Let's make a bet - if I can make you laugh then tonight is free.""" "She replies ""Sure that sounds fun, shoot your shot.""

The guy cracks joke after joke but the prostitute never even smiles. Eventually he says ""Alright, that's cool, let's just fuck."" So he pulls down his pants and the prostitute sees his penis, bursts out laughing, and says ""You got me, tonight's on me!"""
"For talk like a pirate day" "There was a famous pirate captain who before a battle would turn to his ensign and say
 “Fetch me me red shirt”
After the battle was won the ensign asked
 “ Why the red shirt captain?”
 “ If I get shot or wounded the shirt will hide the blood and the crew won’t be alarmed”
A month later, looking out at the see he saw a huge English armada headed for him
He turned to his ensign and said
“ Fetch me me brown pants”"
"You won't believe the reason Eminem stopped being antivax and decided to get the Johnson &amp; Johnson vaccine!!" "You only get one shot."
Octopus "Last Friday night I took my date out to a seafood restaurant 

As we set down We began looking for some thing nice to eat

When the waiter came over after 10 minutes he asked us if we was ready to order 

We said “” yes we will both have the octopus if that s ok “”

Octopus “ he replied 

Yes octopus “ that’s what we will have

Well” said the waiter , that’s a very good choice , one of the finest octopus you’ll ever ever eat in your lifetime 

But” he said 

It takes 4 hours to cook 

4 hours “ I said 

Wow that’s a long time , why 4 hours 

Well “ said the waiter 

We cook it when it’s alive , but the problem is it keeps turning the gas off"
"After 15 years of marriage you find out your spouse had been with hundreds of men before you got hitched." "Is this a big deal or is my wife overreacting?"
"What can you say while getting vaccinated, and in bed" "1. Is that going in me?!
2. Oh thats long!
3. So short, thought it was longer
4. Will it hurt?

&amp;#x200B;

Now you guys try."
"If Jesus were alive today what kinda of car would he drive?" "a Christler!"
"Why do women wear lace panties?" "To curdle the milk"
"In America, the Left and Right balance each other out." "The Left is all about education, acceptance, and progression.

This is balanced by the Right, which is all about mythology, conspiracy, dogma, racism, homophobia, transphobia, xenophobia, and willful ignorance."
"Why is Santa’s sack so big" "Cause he only comes ounce a year"
"What did the sign on the whore house say" "Beat it we’re closed"
"What comes before post nut clarity?" "Pre nut clutter"
"Can do attitude" "Scientists are developing a hybrid cantaloupe/honey dew. To succeed, they’ll need to have a can dew attitude."
"Party Girl" " John receives a phone call. ""Hello,"" he answers. The voice on the other end says, ""This is Susan. We met at a party about three months ago."" John says, ""Susan? About three months ago?"" Susan says, ""Yes, it was at Bill's house. After the party you took me home. On the way we parked and got into the back seat. You told me I was a good sport."" John says, ""Oh, yeah. Susan! How are you?"" Susan replies, ""I'm pregnant by you and I'm going to kill myself."" John says, ""Say, you really ARE a good sport!"""
"Switch Operator" "This guy was applying for a job as a switch operator on the railroad. The engineer was conducting the interview. ""What would you do if the Northern Express was heading north on Track 1 and the Southern Central was heading south on Track 1?"" The guy thought. ""Well, I'd call my brother."" The engineer just sat there for a second. ""Why on Earth would you call your brother?"" ""He's never seen a train wreck before."""
"Elderly Widow" "Just before the funeral services, the undertaker came up to the very elderly widow and asked, ""How old was your husband?"" ""98,"" she replied. ""Two years older than me."" ""So you're 96,"" the undertaker commented. She responded, ""Hardly worth going home is it?"""
"What does the F in orphan stand for?" Family
"Q: Hey what's that State where they grow all those potatoes?" """Idaho.""

""I know you da ho but what's that State where they grow all those potatoes?"""
"2 friends are hunting in a forest" "2 friends are hunting in a forest when one of them suddenly just collapses. He isn't responsive and his eyes are glazed over. His friend panics and calls the police. The operator asks what the emergency is and the guy says ""I was hunting with my friend when he suddenly fell over. He isn't making any noise and his eyes are glazed over! I think he's dead!"" The operator tells the man ""Before you do anything else, I want you to make sure your friend is dead."" The operator hears silence for a couple of seconds before hearing a gunshot. After that, she hears the man come back and he says ""Okay, now what?"""
"Decided to get frisky with my prego wife" "So I decided to get frisky with my prego wife, you know, put the noodle in her. Everything’s going and feeling great, then I notice this red chunky stuff all over the bed. My wife is unresponsive and just had this glassy, jarred look. Get her to the car and speed to the emergency room, she’s losing color the whole way there. Finally make it to the emergency room and get her inside as fast as I can and ask a doctor for help. The doctor takes a confused look at my wife, then tells me they don’t operate on jars of marinara sauce."
"Sad news" "I have been to the doctor's today the doctor has said ""your symptom's of singing dean martin and frank Sinatra song mean's i have contracted CROONER VIRUS"""
"An Asian man moves into a Australian neighborhood" "Being the new guy on the block, he has no idea the local customs or even garbage day. That fateful day of the week rolls around and the garbage man notices the new guy on the block hasn't put out the trash.

He thinks, ""Ay, I mayas well halp out this bloke"" and decides to let him know it's garbage day, so he knocks on his door.

After a minute or two the Asian fellow comes to the door red faced and disheveled, ""herro?"" The Asian man inquires.

""Hey, mate..   whares ya bin?""

He replies in the most broken English this man can muster..

""I.. bin on toy-ret""

""Nah, mayte... where's ya dust bin.. ya DUST bin?""

""I teww yu, I dust been on toy-ret""

""MATE, ya dunna undastand, where's ya Wheelie Bin? YA WHEELIE BIN?""

Finally, looking down and very sorry the Asian man responds, ""hoo-kay I teww yu, I wee-wee bin wif my wif-a sista"""
"A joke which my google assistant told" "Why does Humpty Dumpty love autumn?
Cuz he had a great fall"
"What did the reddit user say after detonating a bomb inside a bank?" "EDIT: Wow! This blew up! Thanks for the gold!"
"For Christians, Jesus is always the answer. What’s always the answer to atheists?" "Your mom."
"Two whales walk into a bar." "The first whale says “Wweeeoooouuuh”. The next whale says, “Shut up Bob you’re drunk.”"
"I can't believe in this day and age how many men own a pocket pussy. Like a FleshLight? Because what they don't understand, is that those things depreciate in value almost immediately." "That's why I rent."
"I am an accomplished trophy hunter." "My last trip was a once in a lifetime adventure. I shot a rhino, a giraffe, a lion, and even an elephant.  It also got me banned from the zoo."
"A man goes to a funeral" "A man goes to a funeral. 
He asks the widow if he may say a word.  
The widow nods and says ""Of course, please do"".  
The man clears his throat and says ""Bargain"".  
The widow sheds a tear, puts her hand on his shoulder and replies ""Thanks. That means a great deal."""
"A very remote courthouse could only be reached by air" "One day there was a new pilot and he didn't do all the preflight checks properly, and the plane was struggling to fly level.

It seems they didn't weigh up the pros and the cons."
"What do you call it when a turtle nudges your leg?" "A slow poke!"
"When my uncle Frank died" "When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein."
"Son: Dad, is there any place in the world where everyone loves everyone, no matter what their skin color, gender, religion or race is?" "Father: Yes, Son! It's called Pornhub."
"The scarecrow got an award" "for being outstanding in its field: Recycling."
"Me and my friend getting high in my room. Friend: Did you know that your cum holds 1.5 TB of data per ejaculation?" "Me: That's how I DDoS your mum bruh."
"What’s it like to be kissed by a vampire?" "It’s a pain in the neck."
"Whats the hardest drug you’ve ever done?" "Mine has to be viagra."
"What do you call a vampiric lothario who raises the dead?" "A neck-romancer."
"Teacher to politician: Your son has failed, still you're celebrating it by distributing sweets?" "Politician: In a class of 30, sixteen failed. So majority is with my son...."
"My bitchy coworker wears a mask to the bathroom" "Funny, she acts like her shit doesn't stink!"
"How do you get a drummer off your porch?" "Pay for the pizza. 

What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend?
Homeless

Have you tell if the stage Riser is even?
Drool is coming out of both sides of the drummer's mouth.

What's the difference between a drummer and a percussionist?
Evolution, the percussionist has learned to stand"
"The couple that moved in next door to me have just made a sex tape." "They just don't know that yet."
"A three tomato family" "There were three tomatoes in the family , mummy tomato, daddy tomato and the young son Tommy tomato. 

The tomato’s where is a rush to get to the tomato 🍅 show. The son soon lagged behind then  fell splat on the floor. 

His dad yelled to him, “Ketchup, son”."
"Why do vampires always go for diabetic people?" "Because they have more sugar"
"What do women say to men with big dicks?" "I knew you wouldn't know..."
"Never thought one day I'll have to avoid going to the gym in order to stay healthy...." "Courtesy: Covid"
"Got a bad joke! Modern day Christmas Cracker." "Where do Transgender folk go to get their driving licences?

The Trans-port department."
"What happens when you put a zebra in a lion cage?" "You get fired from the zoo"
"What do you call it when there's two serial killers in one city?" "There's murder out there."
"How do you make a hormone?" "You don't pay her."
"New research has shown that drugs which are used to treat anaphylaxis may also serve as an effective alternative to covid vaccination." "Scientists have yet to explain this epipenomenon."
"So I boiled the crab right?" "Cook: ""So I boiled the crab right?""   
Fisherman: ""Yeah""   
Cook: ""But I placed it in there when it was cold and moving.""   
Fisherman: ""Brutal, but okay.""   
Cook: ""Then I stopped boiling the water.""   
Fisherman: ""Yeah""   
Cook: ""Then I woke up next morning and it was still there.""   
Fisherman: ""Yeah, that's how dead works.""   
Cook: ""Yeah. So then I ate it.""   
Fisherman: ""Makes sense so far."""
"Don't forget to call back" "At a private clinic.

- Hello, doctor, right? I feel very tired, I hope you come and help me.

- Sorry, ma'am, the doctor is away at the moment. I'm just a nurse on duty. The doctor was busy attending a conference before returning for three days. Excuse me, please call back then.

- Three more days? But what if I'm dead by then?

- In that case, don't forget to tell your family members to call back so I can delete your name in the appointment book!"
"A saleswoman was trying to sell a very cheap suit." "“But the left arm is a lot longer than the right arm,” the customer complained.
  
“That’s why the suit is such a bargain,” the sales clerk explained. “Just cock your left shoulder up a little, like this, and tuck this left lapel under your chin a bit, like this.”
  
“But the right leg is way too short,” argued the customer.
  
“No problem,” the sales clerk answered. “Just keep your right knee bent a little at all times, walk like this, and no one will notice. That’s why this suit is only thirty dollars.”
  
After some consideration, the man decided to buy the suit. He cocked his left shoulder into the air, tucked the suit’s left lapel under his chin, bent his right knee, and limped out of the store toward his car where two doctors were walking past and noticed him.
  
“Good heavens. Look at that poor crippled fellow,” the first doctor said to the second.
  
“Yeah but doesn’t that suit fit great?”"
"Why does the Python live on land?" "Because it's above C-level"
"What's the difference between a good lawyer and a great lawyer?" " A good lawyer knows the law. A great lawyer knows the judge."
Clergymen "Two priests decided to go to Hawaii on vacation. They were determined to make this a real vacation by not wearing any thing that would identify them as clergy. As soon as the plane landed, they headed for a store and bought some really outrageous shorts, shirts, sandals and sunglasses. The next morning, they went to the beach dressed in their ""tourist"" garb. They were sitting on beach chairs, enjoying a cocktail, the sunshine and the scenery when a drop-dead gorgeous, topless blonde in a thong bikini came walking straight toward them. They couldn't help but stare. As the blonde passed them, she smiled and said, ""Good morning, Father. Good morning, Father."" She nodded to each, and addressed each of them individually, then she passed on by. They were both stunned. The next day, they went back to the store and bought even more outrageous outfits. Once again, in their new attire, they settled on the beach in their chairs to enjoy the sunshine. After awhile, the same topless blonde came walking toward them. Again, she nodded at each of them, and said, ""Good morning, Father. Good morning, Father."" She started to walk away.

One of the priests couldn't stand it any longer and said, ""Just a minute, young lady."" ""Yes, Father?"" ""How in the world did you know we're priests, dressed as we are?"" ""Father, it's me, Sister Katherine,"" she replied."
"Triple Filter" " In ancient Greece, Socrates was widely lauded for his wisdom. One day, the great philosopher came upon an acquaintance who ran up to him excitedly and said, ""Socrates, do you know what I just heard about one of your students?"" ""Wait a moment,"" Socrates replied. ""Before you tell me I'd like you to pass a little test. It's called the Triple Filter Test."" ""Triple filter?"" ""That's right,"" Socrates continued. ""Before you talk to me about my student, let's take a moment to filter what you're going to say. The first filter is Truth. Have you made absolutely sure that what you are about to tell me is true?"" ""No,"" the man said, ""actually I just heard about it."" ""All right,"" said Socrates. ""So you don't really know if it's true or not. Now let's try the second filter, the filter of Goodness. Is what you are about to tell me about my student something good?"" ""No, on the contrary."" ""So,"" Socrates continued, ""you want to tell me something bad about him, even though you're not certain it's true?"" The man shrugged, a little embarrassed. Socrates continued. ""You may still pass the test though, because there is a third filter, the filter of Usefulness. Is what you want to tell me about my student going to be useful to me?"" ""No, not really."" ""Well,"" concluded Socrates, ""if what you want to tell me is neither true nor good nor even useful, why tell it to me at all?"" The man was ashamed. 

This is the reason Socrates was a great philosopher and held in such high esteem. It also explains why he never found out that Plato was screwing around with his wife."
"Is this a good joke?" "I'm trying to get better at telling Spontaneous jokes.
I posted something on Instagram saying ""where should I go abroad for new years"" my friend as a joke said North Korea

My friend sometimes sells drugs to people so I responded ""Don't you think you have enough wires on your phone as it is?""

Rate it please"
"I heard that you should always look into a mirror before making a big decision" "It helps you reflect."
"What do squirrels and zippers have in common?" "They both hide nuts."
"R Kelly's sexual exploits have been known to many in the music business for a while." "He often said to his music producer the songs would sound better if he did it in A minor."
"Why did the rooster go to KFC?" "He wanted to see a chicken strip."
Difference "What’s the difference between a microwave and an asshole?

A microwave won’t brown your meat!"
"Do you know why W.S. Gilbert was frequently drunk on his transatlantic crossings?" "It's because he was quartered on the port side"
"Farts are like ninjas because…" "They’re sneaky, they’re dangerous, and if you see one, something has gone terribly wrong."
"I graduated at the top of my class in Squidward Community College." "I'm happy that I was the only student there."
"How do space travelers stay awake on the long journeys across the galaxy?" "Do some light speed."
"I saw a half lion, half eagle in the dining room at Hogwarts. Everyone was wondering how it had got in but it was obvious." "
It came through the Griffindor."
"I don’t know why they call it “the sex trade”" "They won’t take my baseball cards as currency."
"I think the girl at the Airlines check-in just threatened me" "
She looked me dead in the eye and said, “Window or
aisle?"" I laughed in her face and replied, ""Window or you'll
what?"""
"Today I was fired from my job…" "I was on a business trip with the young attractive CFO of my company. We checked in at the hotel around the same time and took the elevator up together. After noticing that she was heading to the highest floor, reserved exclusively for their most frequent guests who have stayed with them for over a hundred nights, I decided to compliment her by saying “Wow! It looks like you’ve really slept your way to the top!”"
"I bought a Toyota Camry today.." "I guess that's what I get for spending $20,000"
"What did Uranium say to Nihonium?" "Do you wanna bang? Twice?"
"R Kelly's going to do everything in his power to get a short sentence," "good thing he can't read."
"I bought a dog from a locksmith." "The second I got him into the house, he made a bolt for the door."
"Sexual Sofa" "An woman entered a large furniture store and was greeted by a salesman. 

""Is there something in particular I can show you?” 

“Yes, I'm looking for a sexual sofa.”

“Do you mean a *sectional* sofa?”

“No! I want to get an occasional piece in my living room.”"
"I also got fired from the sperm bank" "I was caught drinking on the job"
"What Rhymes With Orange." "Actually No It Doesn't"
"A missionary is walking through the forest with two tribesmen" "when they come across a cave when they see a light and hear a whistle. Soon one tribesman removes all his clothes and runs into the cave. The missionary is confused and the other one explains that this is a mating call and a woman would be waiting inside the cave. 
They continue walking and they reach a bigger cave where they hear a louder whistle and see a brighter light. The tribesman smiles and says ""two women"" and sheds his clothes while running to the cave. 
The missionary keeps walking and reaches an even bigger cave when he sees a brighter light and hears a louder whistle. He's ecstatic and gets naked, runs to the cave.
Next day newspaper has news - Naked man dead after being hit by train"
"What do you call a fat person who can take jokes ??" "A thick skinned one"
"In 1974, Volkswagen introduced the Golf to Europe as a small car with a trunk large enough to stuff your golf clubs…" "American companies would follow the success of this model, with Ford soon releasing the “Escort” in 1980. 

*still working on this one"
"What do you call a guy who cries at the sperm bank?" "A tear jerker."
"People who are anti-mask" "Would change their mind if they spent more time in public men's rooms"
"What's the difference between iron man and iron woman?" "One is a superhero and the other is a simple command."
"How can you tell if someone is a vegan?" "Don't worry, they will let you know."
"Mommy, what's ""low hanging fruit""?" "Well, dear, that's a drag queen with huge balls who unwisely chose to wear a very short miniskirt."
"A man walks into a bar..." "
He orders nine shots.

The bartender apprehensive asks, ""whats the occasion?""

The man mumbles, ""first blowjob.""

The bartender brightens up and pours nine shots and lays them out.

The man downs all nine in a row.

The bartender still smiling says, 

""hey, make it an even ten. On the house.""

The man shakes his head, 

""No thanks. If the first nine didn't wash out the taste, I doubt one more would help."""
"How many leftists does it take to change a lightbulb?" "50, one to change the bulb and 49 to tell him why he changed it wrong and that he wasn't the right race or gender to perform the task that was just completed. Also that it is unfair to assume everyone wanted the lightbulb changed as some of them identify as a lightbulb."
"What does a premature ejaculator and a blind man have in common?" "They never see it coming"
"I asked Mowgli if I could borrow some money" "He said: shere khan"
"Why did you have to die?" "A man placed some flowers on the grave of his dearly departed mother and started back toward his car when his attention was diverted to another man kneeling at a grave.  
The man seemed to be praying with profound intensity and kept repeating, ""Why did you have to die? Why did you have to die?""  
The first man approached him and said, ""Sir, I don't wish to interfere with your private grief, but this demonstration of pain is more than I've ever seen before. For whom do you mourn so deeply? A child? A parent?""  
The mourner took a moment to collect himself, then replied, ""My wife's first husband."""
"What do you get from a moody chiropractor?" "An attitude adjustment! 

Came up with this a few days ago. My wife rolled her eyes pretty hard at it 🙄"
"What did the customer say to the barber?" "“I mustache you a question, but I’ll shave it for later!”"
"Can older adults be circumcised?" "Or is there a cut off date ?"
"If I ordered an axe from overseas and had it shipped...." " I would have a foreign axe sent ?"
"What do you call a guy with 20 rabbits up his arse?" Warren
"I haven't gone to the toilet in 5 weeks." "I was a bit worried at first.  


Then I stopped giving a shit."
"What do you call a group of religious ghosts?" Occult
"R Kelly is really changing the rap game" "He takes the art out of rap artist"
"R. Kelly is going to jail for a very long time, but in his defence :" "Ya gotta go when ya gotta go."
"My grandpa always told us the story about how he made a dozen German troops shit themselves in WWII." "He was probably the worst cook the Reich had."
"Playing with fate" "In surgery for a heart attack, a middle-aged woman has a vision of God by her bedside. “Will I die?” she asks.

God says, “No. You have 30 more years to live.”

With 30 years to look forward to, she decides to make the best of it. So since she’s in the hospital, she gets breast implants, liposuction, a tummy tuck, hair transplants, and collagen injections in her lips. She looks great! The day she’s discharged, she exits the hospital with a swagger, crosses the street, and is immediately hit by an ambulance and killed. Up in heaven, she sees God. “You said I had 30 more years to live,” she complains.

“That’s true,” says God.

“So what happened?” she asks.

God shrugs. “I didn’t recognise you.”"
"Women be saying they dont talk to men who have dicks shorter than 6 inches" "when their boobs are measured in plate and not cup sizes."
"Women be saying they dont talk to men who dicks shorter than 6 inches" "When their boobs are measured in plate and not cup size."
"Did you hear about that terrible accident??" "The poor guy, he rolled his car over a few times over several feet. He broke his left arm, and his left leg was completely broken as well. They air lifted him to the hospital, but thankfully it looks like he will be...
 All Right."
"Apparently there's a sperm shortage in the UK" " Probably because all the wankers have gone to the petrol station"
"My girlfriend broke up with me for being too 'un-American'" "I saw it coming from a kilometre away."
"My wife and I were leaving for our night out." "Our babysitter smiled and said, 'Take as long as you like.'

That was three years ago. I hope she likes being a parent."
"I entered ten puns into a contest." "I hoped one would win.  


But no pun in ten did.  


\-Not my joke."
"Hitler can't have been that bad of a guy" "I mean, he did kill hitler.  


\-Not my joke."
"Can I buy a half a head of lettuce?" "A man asks a young grocer if he can purchase a half a head of lettuce.  The boy says ""hold on one second and I'll check with my manager.""

The grocer walks to his office and says ""So this tight ass wants to know if he can buy a half a head of lettuce...."" Not knowing the man had followed him and was standing right there. The grocer quickly embraces the man and says ""...and this fine gentleman would like to buy the other half""! The manager agreed the deal and and the man left. 

**Manager** ""You're quick on your feet there! I could use someone like you as a lead. Where are you from son?"" 

**Grocer** ""I'm originally from Winepeg. Nothing up there expect whores and hockey players.""

**Manager** ""Excuse me. My wife is from Winepeg!""

**Grocer** ""No shit, what team did she play for?"""
"Hey man, if you want to have sex with sheep that's none of my business." "you do ewe"
"Am I the only one who finds it ironic..." "At a time of unprecedented global warming and climate change that \[in the UK\] we currently have a CO2 shortage"
"Does a pregnant lady burp" "Every time the child farts?

My wife won't talk to me anymore"
"""You butt-fucked a corpse??""" """Deadass"""
"The sex conventions keynote speaker was asked to talk about reproduction" "He stands up, says ‘It gives me great pleasure…”, and sits back down."
"What do you get if you cross a pirate and a paedophile?" "Arrrrrrrr Kelly"
"I sent my photo to the Lonely Hearts club." "They sent it back saying that they weren't that lonely 😞"
"What type of cloth did a african American picked from a clothing shop" Cotton
"What kind of vehicle do podiatrists drive?" "An Ow-Toe-Mobile"
"Why do cannibals prefer not to eat Germans?" "If not prepared properly they taste like Sauerkraut"
"What’s brown and wears a tiara?" "The Princess Diarrheas."
"I don’t remember where I heard this one from, but. . ." "What’s the difference between an old, unused bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?

One’s a crusty bus station and the other’s a busty crustacean!"
"My girlfriend broke up with me" "My girlfriend broke up with me because I'm missing part of one of my toes. It's because she's lack toes intolerant."
"Why did Mary Magdalene have an affair with Jesus?" "She heard about his second coming"
"Want to know how to scare burglars off?" "

First: Put pictures of a tiger all around your house.

Second: Put a cat litter tray in your hallway and take a dump in it."
"I for the life of me can’t find my phone!" Wait…
"I girl in my class didn’t stand for the pledge of allegiance!" "I mean she was in a wheelchair but still!"
"3 guys are sitting around a campfire" "One guy says to the other 2, “I’m the toughest guy here. One time I was out in the woods and I got attacked by a mountain lion! I wrestled with it and was able to stab it to death.”
One of the other guys says, “You think that’s tough? I was out in the woods and got attacked by a full size grizzly bear. I wrestled with it and stuck my arm down it’s throat and strangled it to death!”
The last guy just sat there poking the fire with his dick."
"My waitress said, “I’m so sorry about the wait.”" "I said, “It’s okay. Not everyone has time to work out”"
"Lifesaver flavors..." "A teacher gives her class four flavors of lifesavers and they have to guess the flavors.

The students guess cherry, orange and lime.  They don't know the last flavor.

So the teacher gives them a hint, and says, ""it is what your parents call each other."" (honey)

One little girl shouts, ""Oh My God, there assholes."""
"I went out drinking last night and got pretty drunk, so I ended up taking a bus home." "This may not seem like a big deal, but I had never driven a bus before."
"The United States holds the record for the biggest gender reveal party" "In 1945 they revealed their Little Boy."
"What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light-bulb?" "You can't unscrew a pregnant woman!"
"I didn't want anything to taint our relationship" "But it turned out he was an ass."
"Big dicks are like talent" "Most people don't have them."
"At a funeral, a man asks the widow if he may say a word" "The widow replies of course.

The man stands up and says ""Plethora"". 

The widow responds ""Thanks, that means a lot""."
"So today I met a PoS at the grocery store" "they took my money

 in exchange for goods"
"Why did the number 7 starve in Europe?" "Because seven ate nien."
"Canada's immigration centre has a new slogan" "You'll be sorry"
"Hi, my name is Tobi." "I am here to fuck your daughter. 

To what?! 

Tobi."
"does anyone know any good sword-fighting puns? I'm trying to think of words that have..." "...a duel meaning."
"My girlfriend started lying to me because of all my bad jokes." "We have always been such a happy couple and everything was fine for 3 years straight. Of course I always felt comfortable in front of her and felt like I can tell her anything. That's where I was wrong.

A few months ago I noticed that she became annoyed by my dumb jokes that were only funny to me, but that just made it even funnier to me so I continued telling all these dad jokes to her and died laughing every time.

She puts up with it because she loves me. At least I thought so.

We were always 100% honest with each other and I'm still shaken by the things she told me today.

I sent her probably one of my worst dad jokes ever (that I stole from reddit), and she just couldn't take it anymore and told me how stupid my jokes are and that she doesn't know if she'll be able to put up with it much longer.

But that's not the worst part, I actually appreciated her honesty and considered the possibility to stop with all the stupid jokes and become more serious in the relationship.

The worst part is that she lied to me for the first time in all these years. I felt like I just couldn't trust her anymore and everything I thought I knew about her as a person just became questionable. I need your advice on how to react to this huge lie...

She told me she's Sorry, but I know for a FACT that her name is Diane."
"What is psyduck's favorite PC build?" " Msiiiii i i i i i...duck.

I'll see myself out."
"Have you heard of the guy who bragged about how he ate his clone?" "He's just so full of himself."
"I am really tired of masks and am vaccinated, but I won't take my mask off in stores.." "I don't want people mistaking my for a Republican."
"What to do call a banana that you’ll eat tomorrow?" Banyana
"Putin just turned 69 today." "That's it. Lmao."
"What do the gays order at Starbucks?" "A scroat milk latte! 😜"
"Girl: forgive me father for I have sinned. Priest: what have you done my child?" "
Girl: ""I called a man a son of a bitch."" 
 
Priest: ""Why did you call him a son of a bitch?"" 
 
Girl: ""Because he touched my hand."" 
 
Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he touches her hand) 
 
Girl: ""Yes father."" 
 
Priest: ""That's no reason to call a man a son of a bitch."" 
 
Girl: ""Then he touched my breast."" 
 
Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he touched her breast) 
 
Girl: ""Yes father."" 
 
Priest: ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."" 
 
Girl: ""Then he took off my clothes, father."" 
 
Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he takes off her clothes) 
 
Girl: ""Yes father."" 
 
Priest: ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."" 
 
Girl: ""Then he stuck his you know what into my you know where."" 
 
Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he stuck his you know what into her you know where) 
 
Girl: ""YES FATHER, YES FATHER, YES FATHER!!!"" 
 
Priest: (after a few minutes): ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."" 
 
Girl: ""But father he had AIDS!"" 
 
Priest: ""THAT SON OF A BITCH!!!"""
"How many guitarists does it take to play Wonderwall?" "Apparently, all of them."
"The problem I have with Flat Earthers…" "Is that I keep meeting them all around the world."
"There is no such thing as a lesbian..." "...just a woman who has never met Chuck Norris."
"A young, extremely perky woman gets into an elevator with an older man..." "The woman smiles broadly and says, ""TGIF""!

The man slowly turns to her and deadpans, ""S.h.i.t.""

The woman, thinking that he didn't hear her, slowly repeats ""T.G.I.F.""

He simply responds, ""S.h.i.t."", just as slowly.

Exasperated, she laughs and says, ""TGIF stands for Thank God It's Friday!, Silly!""

The man replies, ""I know that but Sorry Honey, It's Thursday."""
"""Treat others the way you want to be treated""" "I followed that advice, and now I'm on a registry."
"I took a ride last night, and I guess Uber will just hire anyone now." "I had to sit in the backseat because the driver’s guide-dog was riding shotgun."
"Really put my foot in my mouth with the wife. She told me she's done having sex with me." "I guess I committed Screwicide"
"Wedding Night" """Darling, if I had known you were still a virgin, I would have taken more time.""

""Oh, if I had known that you would take more time, I would have taken off my tights."""
"Rules Lawyer | Teacher" " tu madre es un perro. Espera no, el otro.   
Hey wait! That's Illegal! It's against the rules  
My dear boy, rules are like suggestions. 

  
There are whispers in my ear  
Causing me to fear 

What I hold so dear

I think I need a beer

To help me get some ass

I think I failed my class  
My teacher is an ass

Teaching me conjecture

with stupid fucking lecture  
what a pain, what an ass

this stupid, fucking, teacher."
"what's the difference between wife and fridge" "the fridge doesn't moan when you put meat in it"
"I identify as a chocolate bar" "My pronouns are her/shey"
"Discovering too late that a watermelon spiked with vodka had accidentally been served to a luncheon meeting of local ministers….." "the restaurant's owner waited nervously for the clerics' reaction.

""Quick, man,"" he whispered to the waiter, ""what did they say?""

""Nothing,"" replied the waiter, ""They were all too busy slipping the seeds into their pockets."""
"why has god never made a mistake?" "because he never did anything"
"I identify as a cookie" "My pronouns are her/shey"
"Knock Knock" "Knock Knock.
Who’s there?
Theodore
Theodore, who?
Theodore wasn’t open so I knocked!"
"a sheep a drum and a snake fall off a cliff" "eggs, a basket and a goat walk into a bar  
oh wait, I'm just high"
"""You didn't read the article. All you do is read the title and form an opinion based on just that. Be honest, did honestly read the article?""" """I Reddit."""
Help! "Can someone please tell me if there’s a dog food that does not use animal testing??? My puppy is starving!"
"Today I have learned a joke about electricity." "But it is too shocking to be told."
"What do you call it when 007 gets cut in half?" "A severed Bond."
"is this a title?" "a drunk man enters bar

a drunk man enters abr

a drunk man entrs a bard

a runk main entrs a car"
"I got fired from my job because I kept asking my customers whether they would prefer “Smoking” or “Non-smoking”." " Apparently the correct terms are “Cremation” and “Burial”."
"An elderly couple is in church. The wife says to the husband, “I’ve let out one of those silent farts, what do I do?”" "The husband says, “Change the battery in your hearing aid.”"
"Why do police get to protests early?" "To beat the crowd."
"I found out my wife was cheating on me with my best friend..." "I should have realized it when she kept singing ""You've got a friend in me""."
"Hey, where’s Rico?" "
At the hospital, he drank a beer yesterday.

A beer? What beer?

Mine."
"Omw to lunch today I saw a cop talking to a man in a wheelchair" "I guess he couldn't outrun the law"
"Joke my ADHD brain thought of out of nowhere" "So the Hogwarts police confiscated a coffee cup suspecting it of dangerous enchantments. Turns out the police that grabbed it drank a bit too much butterbeer. It was just a normal coffee cup that belonged to some arrogant human thief.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

It was a smug muggle mugger's mug."
"I needed to buy some dog food the other day." "I couldn't find any that didn't use animal testing though so I left it."
"What happens if you put the Energizer Bunnies batteries in backwards?" "He keeps coming, and coming, and coming."
"Fruit Stand" "A guy was driving down a long stretch of country highway, when he approached a fruit stand. The sign above read, ""We have peaches that taste like anything and everything, guaranteed!"" The man thought about it, and decided to stop. He thought this has to be bullshit. So he approaches the old, feeble man behind the stand and says,"" So, you have peaches that taste like strawberries and cream?"" The old man hands him a peach and the driver takes a bite. ""Mmmmmm, tastes like strawberries,"" he says. ""Turn it around,"" the old man says. The driver turns it around, bites into it, and the other side tastes like cream. The man thinks for a second, and says, ""How 'bout steak nad baked potato?"" The old man behind the stand looks for a second, and then comes up with a new peach. He hands it to the weary traveler. He bites into it. ""Tastes like steak,"" he says. ""Turn it around,"" the old man says. ""Wow, POTATO!"" The traveler thinks really hard for about 2 minutes before he finally blurts out, ""O.K. old man, I bet you don't have one that tastes like pussy!"" The old man produces another peach very quickly and hands it to the driver. He takes a big bite out of it, chews a couple of times, spits it out, and says, ""Man, this tastes like SHIT!!"" The old man just grins and says,""Turn it around!"""
"A Rabbit and a Bear Are Chilling in the Woods Together" "Suddenly a genie appears before them and says ""I am a magic genie, and I will grant each of you 3 wishes. But choose carefully, because once I grant a wish it cannot be undone""

Rabbit and Bear ponder this for a moment before Bear speaks up to make his first wish.

Bear, being very lustful and wanting all the females to himself, says to the genie ""Genie, for my first wish, I wish that I was the only male bear in the entire forest.""

The genie says ""It shall be done"" and grants Bear's wish.

Rabbit then says to the genie ""Genie, I wish I had a motorcycle helmet"".

The genie says to Rabbit ""It shall be done"" and grants Rabbit's wish, giving him a shiny new motorcycle helmet.

Bear, still not satisfied, says to the genie ""For my second wish, I wish that I was the only male bear in the whole country!"", and the genie grants his wish.

Rabbit then says to the genie ""I wish I had a motorcycle"", to which the genie grants his request.

Finally, Bear is beside himself with lust, and says to the genie ""Genie, for my final wish, I wish to be the only male bear in the entire world!"" and the genie grants his wish.

Rabbit then puts on his motorcycle helmet, hops on his motorcycle, and turns back to the genie and Bear and says ""I wish Bear was gay""."
"My priest told me the story about the scarves he has" "Just like many other priests, he had one of those scarf-like things that go over his shoulders.

But unlike many others, he had a whole collection. The curiosity was eating away at my mind so I asked him where he got all of those scarves from.

He told me that when he was younger he used to take things that weren't his, especially without paying for them.

In other words, he _stole_ them."
"Whats something funny you can do when you meet your favorite celebrity ?" "This isnt a joke but more of a question! Thank you.
I've been lucky enough to be assigned to meet my favorite celebrity for work. I'm so excited but I need to be lowkey or professional at the same time. What's something fun I can do once I have the chance to ask for a photo?
I know a friend of mine who asked a celebrity to pretend to be asking for my friend's autograph. I found that to be really funny.
I don't just wanna casually and awkwardly stand beside the said celebrity for a photo. Would you guys happen to have any suggestions? 😍"
"What do prize winning competitive mushroom pickers eat in the morning?" "Breakfast of Champignons"
"Told to me by my 8 year old daughter: Who is the smartest pig in the world?" "Oinkbert Einswine"
"A brave warrior vows to avenge the death of his brother." "The elf in the group: ""You have my bow""

The dwarf: ""and my axe!""

The necromancer: ""and your brother!"""
"I told my friends I was a blood sucking insect from the moon" "they said I was a luna tick."
"My nephew got in trouble for swearing at his parents" "They should of had a go at me I’m the one who taught him"
"I had a girlfriend who was bad at grammar..." "I asked her to conjugate but she declined."
"What is a cops favorite color?" "Neon black"
"What goes in hard and dry, but comes out soft and wet?" ***Gum!***
"A blind man walks into a bar." "A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him, and says, ""Hey, wanna hear a blonde joke?""

The man says back to the blind man, ""Look buddy, I'm blonde. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler and he is blonde. The bouncer is blonde. The man sitting over to your left is also blonde. Still wanna tell that blonde joke?""

The blind man is silent for a moment and then says, ""Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."""
"HOW do you fix a broken pumpkin patch?" "With a pumpkin patch

Spooky season dad jokes!"
"Gay joke" "If you light a gay person on fire are they LGBBQ?"
"The Master Chef" "A master chef brags to another man that he has at long last created the perfect dish. A dish so delicious that no man alive could resist it culinary divinity.

The man asks how such a dish is possible.

The chef responds that the secret is his artfully crafted blend of herbs and spices that can turn any bland dish into a masterpiece.

The inquisitive man asks if the chef would be so kind as to divulge his secret blend.

Hesitantly, the chef agrees. ""It's made of sweet basil, oregano, cumin, marjoram, lemon peel, sumac, hibiscus, rose hips, fennel, allspice, garlic, cayanne, tumeric, sage, tarragon, bay leaf, coriander, sea salt, parsley, white pepper, chives, nutmeg, cinnamon, rosemary, cloves, star anise, paprika, dill, caraway, celery salt, ginger, lemongrass, spearmint, grains of paradise, mustard, peppercorn, cream of tartar, fenugreek, and seseme seeds.""

""That sounds incredible!"" The man exclaims, ""do you think you could cook me something?""

The Master Chef replies, ""I'm afraid I don't have the thyme."""
"A fart god challenged 3 boys..." "To fart in whatever way they like he'll identity who farted.
The first boy silent farted, the fart god knew right away.
The second boy farted while jumping, the fart god knew that too.
The third guy took a leaf and made bunch of small holes on it.
Then he pulled the leaf near his butt and farted on the holes.
Then he asked the fart god, from what hole my fart was released?
Fart god mind was blank he had no clue so he randomly guesses and tells the 3rd hole.
The third guy replied nope! The fart was came from my asshole."
"So a guy decided to sell fake sunglasses in a club." "The owner  (his name was ray) eventually found out about this, so ray banned him."
"A monkey was climbing a mango tree..." "The human asked, ""Hey why are you climbing that tree?""
Monkey replied, ""To eat apple!""

Human *Laughs*
""Lol, that's a mango tree a**h***""

Monkey replied, ""The apple is in my pocket sh*t head!"""
"My friend can't believe he's both gay AND dyslexic..." "He's STILL in Daniel."
"Doctor, Doctor, doctor! Help me. My teenage son thinks he's a refrigerator." "Stay calm. I'm sure he'll chill out!"
"What do you call it when a man is only willing to get with virgin women?" "The cherry-popping fallacy"
"A boy come home from school and says ""Guess what mom? I had sex with my teacher today!""" "The mother is furious, frustrated, and mortified all at once and scream to her son:

""GO TO YOUR ROOM!! YOUR FATHER WILL DEAL WITH YOU WHEN HE COMES HOME!!!""

So after a short dinner, and a long conversation, the boy hears his dad thumping down the hallway to his room. The father opens the door, and says with a stern voice:

""Your mother told me about your day at school... I can't tell you how deeply, seriously, and truly PROUD I AM OF YOU!! HIGH FIVE BUD! For you to get it in, at your age, with a teacher?! I love that my young man's a STUD! To celebrate you being AWESOME, you're getting a brand new bike. Right now, let's go!""

So the proud father and son walk to the bike store and walk out with a new set of wheels. The father says:

""There she is son, how about you ride this baby home?!""

The son replies:

""Dad, I'd love to but I can't, my asshole still hurts!"""
Constipation "No shit"
"I just tried to go to the paper shop..." "But it had blown away!

(Google assistant)"
"Doctor : you have a lack of magnesium" "Me : 0mg"
"A worried girl gets home" "And she says to his dad...

""I need to tell you something, it's important""
""Tell me""
""I'm pregnant""

Her dad starts to laugh and he says...

""Hi pregnant, I'm dad""
""Nah, you're gramps"""
"If I was to date a girl that's really into bees" "She's a keeper"
"Why don't cannibals eat more SJWs?" "Because they're too high in trans fat."
"My mother-in-law recently bought a talking parrot, but after a week she said she was taking it back." """This parrot hasn't said anything!"" she complained.

""I haven't had a fucking chance yet!"" replied the parrot."
"I have an unhealthy sexual attraction towards figures in Greek mythology ever since" "\
I laid my eyes on Medusa. Been rock hard ever since."
"The best bakers use real butter so . . . ." " . . .
there is no margarine for error."
"What do you call someone constantly terrified of being attacked by a hippopotamus?" "A hippochondriac"
"I can’t find my vegetables." "
Hopefully, they turnip soon."
"Why did the potato turn into a tyrant?" "Because it became a dick tato"
"What do all religions have in common?" Preying
"The burglar just broke into the old lady's house." "He sneaks around and hears someone saying in a raspy voice ""The angel sees you!""

He got scared but decided to track down the person, fhat spoke.

He sees a parrot in the cage. Then he hears the parrot say ""The angel sees you!""

He says ""Oh. A talking parrot. What's your name, buddy?""

""Moses!"" Replies the parrot.

Robber got confused. ""Moses?! That's a stupid name for a parrot!""

""Not as stupid, as Angel for a Pitbull!"" Said parrot."
"Why was the surgeon kicked off the team?" "He couldn't make the cut."
"Everybody laughed when I told them about my Invisibility Serum" "If only they could see me now!"
"What was Hitler’s favorite video game?" "Mein Kraft"
"What do you call a Christian who studies fossils?" "An Episcopaleontologist."
"When a door closes, another one opens" "I'm not a very good carpenter..."
"Never buy anything from your drug dealer rofl" "I just bought some sneakers from my drug dealer

Idk what he laced them with but i have been tripping all day"
"What's grey and red and goes 100mph?" "A baby bunny being discharged by my lawn mower."
"I promised that if I'd win the lottery, I'd give a quarter to charity." "I won a million dollars!
Now I have $999999.75"
"What is a lesbian's favourite martial art?" Dyke-wondo
"""Invent a clever line, and forever your name lives on.""" *(-Anonymous)*
"What Looney Toons character starred in a Spanish soap opera?" "Por que pig."
"Why did the flashlight go to jail?" "Because he was charged with battery."
"I'm not saying you will down vote this, nor I will say you will upvote it…" "John invited his mother over for dinner. During the meal, his mother couldn't help noticing how beautiful John's roommate was. She had long been suspicious of a relationship between John and his roommate and this only made her more curious. Over the course of the evening, while watching the two interact, she started to wonder if there was more between John and the roommate than met the eye. Reading his mom's thoughts, John volunteered, ""I know what you must be thinking, but I assure you, Julie and I are just roommates."" About a week later, Julie came to John and said, ""Ever since your mother came to dinner, I've been unable to find the beautiful silver gravy ladle. ""You don't suppose she took it, do you?"" Julie said, ""Well, I doubt it, but I'll write her a letter just to be sure."" So he sat down and wrote: ""Dear Mother, I'm not saying you 'did' take a gravy ladle from my house, and I'm not saying you 'did not' take a gravy ladle. But the fact remains that one has been missing ever since you were here for dinner."" Several days later, John received a letter from his mother which read: ""Dear Son, I'm not saying that you 'do' sleep with Julie, and I'm not saying that you 'do not' sleep with Julie. But the fact remains that if she was sleeping in her own bed, she would have found the gravy ladle by now. Love, Mom"""
"A cow walks into an Irish bar, and immediately tries to order a drink." "The bartender says in his thick accent ""Sorry, I can't serve you, there are others before you.""

To which the cow replies ""Should I have been wearing a bra?"""
"Drunken adventure" "George was planning on going out with ""The Boys"" when his wife told him that he wasn't leaving the house.

George's Wife: ""The last time you went out with your friends you got so drunk that you puked on your shirt.""

George: ""But Honey, I promise that I wont drink a drop of alcohol all night!""

So after begging his old lady for an hour, George got the OK the go out with the guys as long as he stayed off of the booze.

George met up with the guys at a local bar and proceeded to get shit-faced. After about 3 hours of guzzling liquor, George blew chow all over his shirt.

George: ""Shit! The old lady is going to throw my ass out of the house for getting drunk and puking on my new shirt!""

Bill, George's best pal, gave drunk ass George an idea of how to keep from getting in trouble with the wife.

Bill: ""All you got to do is have a $20 bill in your hand when you walk through the door. Then, when she accuses you of barfing all over yourself, just tell her that some other drunk puked on you and that he gave you 20 bucks to get the shirt cleaned.""

So, when drunk ass George walked into the house with money in hand, his wife was waiting for him in the living room.

Georges wife: ""I knew that your drunk ass would spew bile and booze all over that new shirt!""

George: ""Honey, let me explain! This drunken fool at the bar puked on me and gave me 20 bucks to have it cleaned.""

His wife snatched the money out of his hand and observed that he was holding two $20 bills.

George's wife: ""Is that so? Then where did the other 20 dollar bill come from?""

George: ""Oh, That's from the guy who shit in my pants."""
"Where do ISIS members stay on vacation?" "At the Hotel Caliph-fornia"
"How are Green Beans and Anal Similar?" "If you’re forced to have it as a kid you won’t like it as an adult."
"What's the first thing in organized ghost does in the morning?" "Makes a to boo list"
"On our first date. Her: I really like men who plan ahead." "Me: That's why I drank 2 litres of pineapple juice today."
"What do you call a bipolar raver’s mental state when they’re not manic?" "Depress Mode"
"I used to hate cancer." "But recently, it's been growing on me."
"Where is my fucking jacket?" "“Next to your regular one”😎"
"What do you call a balding lion in a Chinese restaurant?" "Low mane."
"Before the road trip with my wife and son, Connor, my wife said, “Before we leave you should have Connor pee.”" "I said no thanks I’m more of a Dr. Pepper man."
"What do you call the prophet with a cocaine addiction?" Nostril-Damus
"Why does a chicken coupe have two doors?" "If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!





The spelling was intentional don't @me"
"What do you call a store that sells wall sockets?" "An outlet."
"A man moves to America from [country censored for racism protection]" "He watches an ad for goldfish (the snack,not the fish) and thinks""what kind of Chernobyl shit is this?"""
"An old woman took her husband to the doctor. The doctor checked the husband's pulse, then told the woman, ""I'm sorry, your husband is dead.""" "The woman was shocked. ""I don't believe it. Are you sure? I want to be absolutely sure, are there any other tests you can do?""

The doctor responded, ""I'm quite sure, but if you'd like we do have some alternative tests that we can perform.""

""YES! I have to be absolutely certain.""

The doctor shrugged, sat down on a stool and yelled out the door, ""send in Mrs. Fluffkins!""

In walked a black house cat. The cat jumped onto the examination table, walking carelessly on the unresponsive body of the woman's husband, the cat swatted at the man's face a few times, then jumped off the table, meowed twice and walked out of the room.

""Just as I thought,"" said the doctor. ""Dead. Send in Walter!""

In walked a Labrador retriever, the dog walked over to the woman's husband, smelled his hand which was dangling from the table. The dog turned to the doctor, his big expressive eyes raised up to meet the doctor's gaze, then the dog shook his head and walked out of the room.

""Just as I thought,"" said the doctor. ""Dead. Send in Collin!""

Suddenly a towering Aussie in safari gear burst into the room. A pair of binoculars hung from a strap around his neck. He pulled them up to his eyes, looked at the husband for a second, then turned to the old woman and yelled, ""OY CUNT YA HUSBANDS FUCKIN' DEAD"" and walked out of the room.

""Thank you Collin,"" said the doctor, making a note on his clipboard, then yelled down the hall ""Ma'am can you come in here?""

A elderly woman walked slowly into the room, peered through her thick glasses at the body of the husband on the exam table, shook her head, then sat down at a typewriter in the corner, clacked away at the keys for a few seconds. Ding. She pulled a card out of the typewriter, and handed it to the doctor.

The doctor looked at the card, ""Dead. Thank you ma'am, that'll be all.""

The doctor suddenly hopped up from his stool. He picked the stool up by the legs and swung it over his head, crashing the seat down on the body of the husband. The husband's lifeless body flailed under the impact, then settled back to rest on the table. The doctor set the stool down, then jotted something on his clipboard.

""I'm sorry to inform you that your husband is definitely dead."" He handed her a piece of paper detailing the test results. ""Take this to the front desk and they'll check you out.""

The old woman took the slip of paper to the front desk.

The receptionist looked it over, and giving the old woman a sad look said, ""I'm sorry for your loss. That will be $32,000.""

""32 THOUSAND DOLLARS?!?!? That can't possibly be right, I've never paid that much to see the doctor.""

The receptionist looked over the paper again, ""Well it's $100 copay for the doctors visit, but then it shows you also requested a cat scan, a lab report, a Collin-oscopy, a ma'am-ogram, and a stool analysis."""
"A man is out on a golf course, when he hears someone shout ""FORE!""" "He looks this way and that but doesn't see the ball, until *WHACK!* He shouts and curses and moans, holding both hands over his crotch. 

""Oh, you poor thing!"" a woman cries, running over to assist him. She gets on her knees and starts to rub his groin with her hands. ""Is that better?""

He shakes his head, so she pulls his pants down and starts rubbing it in earnest. After a few minutes, she smiles and says, ""That seemed to help a lot!""

""Oh, it was wonderful!"" he says. ""But the ball hit my thumb!"""
"why did the squid get expelled from school" "For kraken jokes"
"Why is it so difficult to remodel gay bathhouses?" "All the walls are load-bearing."
"What do you call two gay women spying on each other?" lesbianage
"Did you know?" "Did you know that, if your friend put their ears against yours, they could hear the ocean?"
"Why did Jesus cross the road?" "The weight was too much for him."
"Whoever thought the Louisiana Purchase was a steal didn't see the 2020 elections" "Because technically, those states had counties debatably steal the election from Trump with mail in voting mandates."
"To what would you change the name of a kid named Hunter if he becomes a vegetarian?" ….Gatherer
"Someone asked me what's the hardest thing I've done in college." "I said, ""The hardest thing I saw anyone do was drugs. My roommate was into crazy stuff. And the hardest thing I did? Him, afterwards."""
"What do you call an argument that says the patriarchy doesn't exist?" Thot-provoking
"How many Procrastinators will it take to change the light bulb?" "I will tell you how many but lets first get some coffee."
"What do you call banana peel shoes?" Slippers.
"I'm going to dress up as a Subaru head gasket for Halloween." "There's a really good chance I'll get blown."
"A guy is on a long train trip" "and is very frustrated that the bathroom is out of order because he badly needs to poop.  He decides his only option is to stick his butt out the window and let it fly.  Just as he does, they pass a station and poop goes all over a couple old farmers standing on the platform.  One old farmers says  ""What kind of tobacco was that guy chewing?!?!"".  The other guy says, ""Never mind that, did you see the lips on that son of a bitch?"""
"What do you call a Dinosaur who contemplates the meaning of life?" "A Philophosaurus."
"My girlfriend said she was getting an enormous tattoo of a tarantula on her back." """Do it,"" I said. ""But it might hurt you.""

""I know,"" she replied. ""But it's only a needle.""

""Actually,"" I added, ""I meant being single."""
"a duck walks into a bar" "what did the duck say to the bartender ? 

&amp;#x200B;

put it on my bill."
"At christmas a guy walk into a bar" "And sit next to an old man who is raising his drink with his arms the sleeves were hanging down, after a while the old man enters the bathroom. The guy follows him thinking poor man he must not have anyone to help him, so he decides to help him to hold it. After the old man finished and in order not to embarrass him, the guy tells him today for you tomorrow for me. 

Thanks in this cold it doesn't make you want to put your hands out"
mohammadnahidurrahmanpolash 
"My wife just phoned me and said that her car has broken down." "I told her to whisper it some words of encouragement."
"Husband: want to play some games tonight?" "
Wife: like what cribbage? 
H: maybe something in bedroom? 
W: like what- pegging?"
"I've got a good joke but it's very long" "My dick"
"What do you call 4 emo friends?" "Suicide Squad."
"""Do you strap on the equipment any more?""" "Sigh.

""No, my husband gave up pegging."""
"A female class teacher was having a problem with a boy in her 3rd grade class. The boy said, ""Madam, I should be in Grade 4. I am smarter than my sister &amp; she's in Grade 4""." "The Madam had heard enough and took the boy to the principal. The principal decided to test the boy with some questions from Grade 4.

Principal: What is 3+3?

Boy: 6.

Principal: 6+6.

Boy: 12.

The boy got all the questions right. The principal told the Madam to send the boy to Grade 4 immediately. The Madam decided to ask her own questions and the principal agreed.

Madam: What does a cow have 4 of that I have only 2?

Boy: Legs.

Madam: What is in your trousers that I don't have?

Boy: Pockets.

Madam: What starts with a C and ends with T, is hairy, oval, delicious and contains thin, whitish liquid?

Boy: Coconut.

Madam: What goes in hard &amp; then comes out soft &amp; sticky?

The principal's eyes opened really wide, but before he could stop the answer, the boy was taking charge

Boy: Bubble gum.

Madam: You stick your pole inside me. You tie me down to get me up, I get wet before you do.

Boy: Tent.

The principal was looking restless.

Madam: A finger goes in me. You fiddle with me when you are bored. The best man always has me first?.

Boy: Wedding ring.

Madam: I come in many sizes. When I'm not well, I drip. When you blow me, you feel good?

Boy: Nose.

Madam: I have a stiff shaft. My tip penetrates, I come with a quiver.

Boy: Arrow.

Principal: OH MY GOD.

Madam: What starts with 'F' and ends with a 'K' and if you don't get it, you have to use your hand?

Boy: Fork.

Madam: What is it that all men have, it's longer in some men than others, the Pope doesn't use his and a man gives it to his wife after marriage?

Boy: Surname.

Principal: Ohooo!

Madam: What part of the man has no bone but has muscles with a lot of veins like pumpkin and is responsible for making love?

Boy: Heart.

Principal: Eeeeeh!

The madam had heard enough at this point. “Clearly the child is not immature enough for grade 4. I’d say kindergarten is a good place to start!”"
"Did you hear about the Roman emperor who would fall down and shake uncontrollably?" "Julius Seizure"
"Parents: it's a normal cough" "Teachers: its a normal cough

Doctors: its a normal cough

Google: You have 3 minutes"
"My wife wanted to make a joke about domestic abuse" "&gt;!But I beat her to it.!&lt;"
"How many dead kids does it take to change a light bulb?" " None."
"China should never take part in the Cricket World Cup" "They can screw over any country with just a bat"
"I went to a beekeeper to get 12 bees. He counted and gave me 13." "
“Sir, you gave me an extra.” That’s a freebie."
"it is said that making women laugh is equivalent to making her orgasm" "this might explain why lesbians can't take a fucking joke"
"What do you call Germans that are unique and exceptional?" "Uncut Gems"
"What do you call jews that are unique and exceptional?" "Uncut Gems"
"Hitler used an astrologist to give him guidance in battle..." "One day he told the man, ""you've served me well. We are winning battles and the war and I'm very pleased with your work. Your ability to predict the future is amazing. But there's one thing I wondered about and wanted to ask you.""

How can I serve you mein Fuhrer?

""Do you know what day I'm going to die?""

Of course.

""Well, what day am I going to die?""

Sir, you are going to die on a Jewish holiday.

""Mein gott! That's terrible. What Jewish holiday am I going to die on?""

Any day you die is going to be a Jewish holiday."
"Friends often ask me why have I broken up with my girlfriend" "Friends often ask me why have I broken up with my girlfriend. Everything was going well but one day we started talking about future of our relationships. She said that I'm a little bit immaturity, so I said that she is bogger and we broke up."
"What does a vegetarian cannibal eat ?" "Vegetables in hospital"
"According to historians, Julius Caesar was very religious in his later years." "Near the end of his reign, he became a holy man."
"I ran into a weird hippy in the streets one day" "He was a complete stoner that he started saying weird things to me. At one point he pointed to a tattoo of a black circle with 8 crudely drawn lines on it. 

- “what The hell is that?”
- “it’s a spider, man”"
"[NSFW] Do you know what is common among a nurse, an air hostess and a prostitute?" "One takes blood, the other takes money. Prostitutes take both."
"What did the rat say after brutally murdering a family of 5?" "My apolocheese"
"I just found out the difference between a pencil and my life" "A pencil has a point"
"""I've never heard a funny thing come out of a woman's mouth.""" "Well, someone hasn't heard of Bill Cosby."
"Captain Picard, Chief engineer Geordi La Forge, Lieutenant Worf and a Catholic priest enter a bar." "Catholic priest says: WHAT THE HECK am I doing here? None of you have the ass of a nine year old boy."
"why is germany in debt" "It has an un paid gas bill"
"An Englishman, an Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a pub." "They all sit down and ask for a pint of Guinness.

As the barman is giving them their pints 3 flies come in through the window and each one lands on one glass.

The Englishman puts his glass aside and says: HEW! I'm not drinking that.

The Scotsman flicks the fly at the Englishman and says: Get of me beer ya wee fly.

The Irishman looks at fly, studying it, then he picks it up gentely by the wings and sets it on the brim of the glass facing in. He pulls his hand back and starts smacking the fly in the back and saying: SPIT IT OUT YA DAFT CUNT!"
"how does the moon cut its hair?" "It eclipse it"
"Ask a lady if she knows the difference between a blow job and a bologna sandwich?" "When she answers "" no"", offer to take her to lunch.."
"Osama Bin Laden was trying to give me relationship advice." "Probably wasn't the best time to say ""OK Boomer"""
"my dad had wonder women" "I have to wonder if shes a women"
"My phone saved my life by taking a bullet." "Shot on iPhone."
"From my 4 year old nephew: ""What do you get when you cross a duck with an elephant?""" """....a duck...squished into a pancake.""

- He says he made it up himself, but he's a witty and sassy little turd so who knows..if'n he did though, it seems to me that he's goin places."
"A friend of mine had a penis extension" "Now his house looks really stupid"
"Sometimes you don’t appreciate shit until it’s gone" "Said the man, staring in relief at the humongous turd he just shat, wondering who to ask about the poop knife."
"A medieval clergyman ends up in New York in 1974 and is amazed by the Twin Towers" "He tells a passerby:

“What a tall but ugly church”

The passerby responds 

“Oh no, that’s the World Trade Center”

Shivering with anger the clergyman adjusts his glasses and says

“You gave the tallest building in the world to the MERCHANTS!”"
"A Shephard and magician meet" "Magician asks ""is that your dog?""

Shepard ""yeah""

M: does he talk?

S: what? Obviously not

M asks the dog: how's he treating you

The dog talks back: yeah he treats me good

S is shocked

M asks again: is that your cat

S: yeah but that really doesn't talk

M talks to the cat: how's he treating you

The cat talks back too: yeah he treats me good

S is out of his mind

M asks S: is that your sheep

S: that sheep is fucking liar"
"Males assemble!" " 

Listen up males, If your crush

1. has a good shape
2. has a pleasing skin colour
3. has a nice curve
4. has a blonde head
5. makes you think about a specific intimate white fluid,  
Then that aint your crush that is Vaseline - Intensive Care Deep Restore \[look it up\]  
and the white fluid is moisturizer, but I like the way you think ;)"
"What do you call a Mexican house that has ghosts" "A Juanted House"
"Did you hear the police are looking for a small man with one eye?" "If he’s that small you’d think they’d use 2 eyes?"
"Someone broke into the police station and stole the toilets" "The police have nothing to go on?"
"A man walked into a bar" "and had to get send to the hospital for a concussion."
"A housewife takes a lover during the day, while her husband is at work. Not aware that 9 year old son was hiding in the closet. Her husband came home unexpectedly, so she hid her lover in the closet. The boy now has company." "Boy: ‟Dark in here.”
Man: ‟Yes it’s.”
Boy: ‟I have a baseball.”
Man: ‟That's nice.”
Boy: ‟Want to buy it?”
Man: ‟No, thanks.”
Boy: ‟That's my dad outside.”
Man: ‟How much did you say the baseball was again?”
Boy: ‟$250.”

In the next few weeks, it happens again that the boy and the mom's lover are in the closet together.

Boy: ‟Dark in here.”
Man: ‟Yes, it's..”
Boy: ‟I have a baseball glove.”
Man: ‟That's nice.”
Boy: ‟Want to buy it?”
Man: ‟No, thanks.”
Boy: ‟I think I just remembered something I needed to tell my dad.”
Man: ‟How much did you say the glove was again?”
Boy: ‟$750.”
Man: ‟Fine.”

A few days later, the father says to the boy, ‟Grab your glove. Let's go outside and toss the baseball!”
The boy says, ‟I can't. I sold them.”
The father asks, ‟How much did you sell them for?”
The son says, ‟$1,000.”
The father says, ‟It's terrible to over-charge your friends like that. That is way more than those two things cost. I'm going to take you to church and make you confess.”

They go to church and the father alerts the priest and makes the little boy sit in the confession booth and closes the door.

The boy says, ‟Dark in here.”
The priest says, ‟Do not start that shit again.”"
"A Company offered Eminem to review a product" "Eminem then reviewed the product and gave it a negative review

&amp;#x200B;

The company now has a bad rap!"
"Unlike a lot of men, including some of my own friends, I could never have sex with a prostitute." "I'm fucking skint."
"Joe Biden is behind you" "Too late you got sniffed"
"If we're really not in a computer simulation.." "Does that mean that we're all non-binary?"
"Dear sir, On behalf of Channel Four may I thank you for your application submitted on behalf of your wife for our new reality show." " Also the charming photograph you enclosed. Whilst agreeing that she could make a worthy contribution to the program if selected, I would point out that the correct title of the series is actually ""Fact Hunt"". Kind regards Channel Four."
"The three Billy Goats and their endowment" "I heard this one in high school; I believe from an ostensible lab partner who mostly told lewd jokes instead of doing assignments:

You might remember the old fairy tale of the three Billy Goats who were confronted by a troll while crossing a bridge.  Well it was a day just like that one, where three goats were at a bridge and about to cross, when another troll showed up.  A goat asked him,

""Are you looking to fight?""

The troll replied, ""Nah, I've got a good deal for you.  I'll let you cross this bridge if the combined length of your penises is at least ten inches.""

The goats are understandably confused by this but agree to it as it should be easy enough.  So the troll gets his ruler and measures the first goat's penis. ""Five inches!  Pretty average.""  He moves onto the second. ""Four inches.  Getting worse..."" The troll goes to the third and last goat, and measures. ""What?!  Just one inch?!""  The troll and first two goats burst out laughing, though eventually the troll said, ""Well, you managed to pass the test.""

So the goats trot across the bridge, and once on the other side, the third goat says, ""We're all lucky that I had a boner."""
"what is a german jew's pronouns?" were/was
"I haven't had sex since 1956" "
A woman asked an Army General when the last time he had made love to a woman. The general replied ""1956, ma'am."" The woman, in disbelief said ""1956?! That long? Come with me and let me make your night better."" The woman and general went back to her apartment and made passionate love for over an hour. Afterwards, the woman cuddled up to the general and said ""Well, you sure haven't forgotten anything since 1956..."" The general looked at her, confused, and replied ""I sure hope not, it's only 2130 now."""
"Happy Halloween" " A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. ""Boy the Halloween vandals and pranksters hit my neighborhood hard already. They destroyed a bunch of street signs,"" he tells the bartender. ""They really pulled out all the stops."""
"Hear about the claustrophobic astronaut?" "He just needed a little space."
Durning-Kruger "Recursive Humour"
"Skeleton puns aren't funny." "They're Humerus."
"How do you get a nun pregnant?" "Dress her up as an alter boy...."
"This morning I was beaten up by a busty woman in an elevator..." " I was staring at her boobs as she got on the elevator when she asked, ""Would you please press one?"" So I did. I don't remember much after that."
"This guy told me god gave him a boner" "It seemed hard to believe."
"Last night I was thinking to myself ""I wonder how much Google really knows about me?""" "But then my Android phone texted me the message ""not much"". So I feel better now."
"I went into my proctologist's office for my first rectal exam." "His new nurse, Evelyn , took me to an examining room and told me to get undressed and have a seat  
until the doctor could see me. She said that he would only be a few minutes.

After putting on the gown that she gave me I sat down. While waiting I observed that there were three items on a stand next to the exam table: a Tube of K-Y jelly, a rubber glove and a beer.

When the doctor finally came in I said, ""Look Doc, I'm a little confused. This is my first exam.  
I know what the K-Y is for and I know what the glove is for, but can you tell me what the BEER is for ?

At that Doctor Paul became noticeably outraged and stormed over to the door  
He flung the door open and yelled to his nurse.......

Darn it Evelyn !!!!!!!!!!!

I said a BUTT LIGHT """
"There is a sign at a gas station that said, 'We take Visa, Mastercard, Discover Card, and American Express.'" "After I filled up they took my Visa, Master Card, my Discover Card, and my American Express."
"A little girl and boy are fighting about the differences between the sexes, and which one is better." " Finally, the boy drops his pants and says, “Here’s something I have that you’ll never have!” The little girl is pretty upset by this, since it is clearly true, and runs home crying. A while later, she comes running back with a smile on her face. She drops her pants and says, “My mommy says that with one of these, I can have as many of those as I want!”"
"Knock knock. Who’s there? Karen. Karen who?" "I’M CALLING THE POLICE BECAUSE YOU PARKED YOUR CAR ON YOUR LAWN!"
"What do you call a white person from the ghetto?" "A crack a lackin"
"Hitler Goes To Heaven" " Hitler gets to the gates of heaven after being murdered by Hitler, and Jesus comes to the gate.

""*I can't let you in - you're Hitler*""

""*Ach mein freund, if you let me in I will give you the Iron Cross!*"". Jesus thinks for a minute and picks up the gatehouse phone to call God's office.

""*Dad? It's Jesus, I've got Hitler at the gate... I know, I know... but he says if I let him in he'll give me the Iron Cross!*""

God replies ""*Fuck off son, you couldn't carry the wooden one.*"""
"There where a couple of pigeons sitting on my fence earlier, so I shouted at them and they both fell off and died." "I didn't know you could kill two birds with ones tone."
"How does a non binary samurai kill people?" They/Them
"A cat walks into the vet and says, ""Meow.""" " The vet says, ""Okay but where?"""
"I was so horny the other day that I almost signed up for a ""pay day"" loan." "I was desperate to get fucked."
"Confucius say..." "Woman who swallow donkey, also eat ass."
"Why do Bears hate razors?" "Cuz they're straight"
"You gotta make lemonade" "When you get fucked by lemons"
"Confucius says, man who stand on toilet" "High on pot"
"Playing monopoly Is like seeing a prostitute" "You go to a hotel, lose your money, and get fucked."
"What's it called when you lose money in the couch cushions?" "A down payment"
"4 guys meet in hell. A Bodybuilder, a Muslim, a Buddhist monk, and an American." "Satan comes over, whip in hand, and says:


-Those who endure 10 whiplashes can go to Heaven, the rest will stay here in Hell! 


The American glances at the bodybuilder and is about to argue when Satan interrupts him,


-Everyone can choose 1 thing to place at your back and protect you from the whiplashes. Let's start.


The bodybuilder steps up, with full conviction, he chooses a large and heavy metal shield to protect his back. Then, Satan starts with the whiplashes,


1...2... And the shield breaks apart. The 3rd never came, the bodybuilder screamed 'Please NO, I give up!'


The Muslim steps forward this time. With a smug face, he asks for the physical manifestation of his faith to protect his back. He had done lots of terrible things, but it was all in the name of faith and it would protect him now.


1...2...3...and his faith began to waver...4...5...6... And the sound of something breaking could be heard. Before there was a 7th, he cries out pathetically 'stop, stop, stop. Please stop!!'


Here comes the Buddhist monk's turn. He asks for no protection, for pain is in the mind, he will hide behind nothing, and his body would endure any torment!


1...2...3... And he grits his teeth...4...5...6... Tears could be seen in his eyes...7...8...9...10... There is snot coming out of his nose and his back is badly mutilated. But he made it.


Now it's the American's turn. He is asked, by Satan, what does he choose to protect his back. The American ponders for a little while, and then calmly says,

-The monk."
"Little boy and the frog" "This little boy is walking down the street, with a flat dead frog on a leash dragging behind.
He walks up to this house of the ill repute. And bangs on the door. The madam comes to the door and said what do you want little boy. The little boy replies I want to have sex with Sally. I heard she had VD and I want to get it. Well then Adam says we don't have any girls here with that disease. So go away. And the little boy goes no I know you have Sally here has it I've heard him talking down at the barbershop about it and I want to have sex with her I have the money. She still tries to push him away. But he refuses to leave. Finally she gives in and sends him to her room. He's up there for about a half an hour. Doing his thing. When he's going down to leave he gets to the door. And The madam stops and and asks. I got to know why did you want to have sex with her and get VD. The little boy turns to her and says well when I get home tonight. My mom and dad are going out to dinner and the show. And so the babysitter's going to come and take care of me. We'll see likes little boys and she's going to want to have sex. So we'll have sex and she'll get it. Then when my mom and dad come home, my dad will drive the babysitter home. And they're going to have sex in the car before my dad comes back. And he'll get it. Then when my dad gets home. Him and my mom are going to have sex. And she's going to get it. Then tomorrow morning when my dad goes to work. The milkman's going to come. And he's going to have sex with my mom. And that's the mother that ran over my frog"
"Hey man, what's new?" "Ah nothing much, just C over lambda."
"If you liked the mythological tale of Achilles Heel..." "Then you'll love the saga of Bophades Nuts."
"What do you call a photon that flies a plane?" "A pilot light."
"What's a drink for diabetic vampires?" Diet-Bleedies
"What do vegetables say?" "Lettuce be healthy!"
"What comes after sex?" Semen
"This stoned cow got the munchies and ate a rib eye." "The steaks were high, it became a canna-bull."
"Many have forgotten about the mighty Greek warrior Bophadese" "Bophadese fought alongside Achilles in the battle of Troy and many believed him to be an even greater warrior then Achilles himself.

Unfortunately just like Achilles Bophadese had one great weakness which was exposed when he was killed by an arrow to the groin.

From this great battle we get the saying “Achilles heel” and you can also get Bophadese nutz"
"Heard at a wake" """Here's a toast to the host, who is , at most, a ghost ""."
"I broke up with my girlfriend via walkie talkie" "She didn’t get it, no matter how many times I said it was over."
"How can you tell if a girl from Alabama is still a virgin?" "She runs faster than her brother"
"What’s the difference between a rapist and you’re step father?" "The rapist will stop and leave."
"I am starting my new venture, a startup healthy food delivery app that will help all to reduce weight dramatically!..." "Basically it works as follows:                                     
You place your order, and I don't deliver the food at all."
"Why did the farmer become a DJ?" "Because he had sick beets."
"What do you get when you cross a sad dog and a fruit salad?" "A Mellon Collie"
"I tried to break up with my girlfriend over a walkie-talkie." "It confused her why I didn’t finish my sentence. *-over*"
"Why was the dwarf who lived in the city always on time?" "Because he was a metro gnome."
"You know that you're a really boring person…,.,," "when someone steals your identity and then tries to give it back."
"Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first?" "So you can watch it's expression"
"A man met a beautiful girl and he decided he wanted to marry her right away. She protested, “But we don’t know anything about each other.” He replied, “That’s all right; we’ll learn about each other as we go along.”" "So she consented and they were married, and they went on honeymoon to a very nice resort.

One morning, they were lying by the pool when he got up off his towel, climbed up to the 30-foot high board and did a two-and-a-half-tuck gainer, entering the water perfectly, almost without a ripple. This was followed by three rotations in jack-knife position before he again straightened out and cut the water like a knife. After a few more demonstrations, he came back and lay down on his towel.

She said, “That was incredible.""

He said, “I used to be an Olympic diving champion. You see, I told you we’d learn more about ourselves as we went along.”

So she got up, jumped in the pool and started doing laps. She was moving so fast that the ripples from her pushing off at one end of the pool would hardly be gone before she was already touching the other end of the pool. After about thirty laps, completed in mere minutes, she climbed back out and lay down on her towel, barely breathing hard.

He said, “That was incredible! Were you an Olympic endurance swimmer?”

“No,” she said, “I was a prostitute in Venice and I worked both sides of the canal."""
"News Bulletin" " Chris and Frank were having a beer at the neighborhood bar. ""What's the matter?"" asked Chris of his pal. ""My girlfriend just told me that my lovemaking is just like a news bulletin,"" said Frank. ""Why's that?"" asked Chris. 

Frank took a deep breath and said, ""Because it's brief, unexpected and usually a disaster."""
"Get My Broker" " After reading the morning headlines about the recent stock market downturn, a high-powered executive, trying to impress a client in his office, flipped on his intercom switch and barked to his secretary, ""Miss Hunter, get my broker!"" 

The client was impressed until he heard the secretary's voice saying, ""Yes, sir, stock or pawn?"""
"Cat Attack" " A mother mouse and a baby mouse are walking along, when all of a sudden, a cat attacks them. The mother mouse goes, ""Bark!"" and the cat runs away. ""See?"" says the mother mouse to her baby. ""Now do you see why it's important to learn a foreign language?"""
"What did the redditor say after detonating a bomb at Fort Knox?" "EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up! Thanks for the gold!"
"An Iris‌‌h daughte‌‌r ha‌‌d no‌‌t bee‌‌n hom‌‌e fo‌‌r ove‌‌r ‌‌5 years‌‌. Upo‌‌n he‌‌r retur‌‌n, he‌‌r Fathe‌‌r curse‌‌d he‌‌r heavily‌‌." """Wher‌‌e hav‌‌e y‌‌e bee‌‌n al‌‌l thi‌‌s time‌‌, child‌‌? Wh‌‌y di‌‌d y‌‌e no‌‌t writ‌‌e t‌‌o us‌‌, no‌‌t eve‌‌n ‌‌a line‌‌? Wh‌‌y didn'‌‌t y‌‌e call‌‌? Ca‌‌n y‌‌e no‌‌t understan‌‌d wha‌‌t y‌‌e pu‌‌t ye‌‌r ol‌‌d Mothe‌‌r through?‌‌""  
‌‌  
Th‌‌e girl‌‌, crying‌‌, replied‌‌, ""Dad..‌‌. ‌‌I becam‌‌e ‌‌a prostitute.‌‌""  
‌‌  
""Y‌‌e what!‌‌? Ge‌‌t ou‌‌t ‌‌a here‌‌, y‌‌e shameles‌‌s harlot‌‌! Sinner‌‌! You'r‌‌e ‌‌a disgrac‌‌e t‌‌o thi‌‌s Catholi‌‌c family!"" he roared.  
‌‌  
""Okay father..‌‌. a‌‌s y‌‌e wish‌‌. ‌‌I onl‌‌y cam‌‌e bac‌‌k t‌‌o giv‌‌e mu‌‌m thi‌‌s luxuriou‌‌s fu‌‌r coat‌‌, titl‌‌e dee‌‌d t‌‌o ‌‌a te‌‌n bedroo‌‌m mansion‌‌, plu‌‌s ‌‌a ‌‌5 millio‌‌n saving‌‌s certificate‌‌. Fo‌‌r m‌‌e littl‌‌e brother‌‌, thi‌‌s gol‌‌d Rolex‌‌. An‌‌d fo‌‌r y‌‌e Daddy‌‌, th‌‌e sparklin‌‌g ne‌‌w Mercede‌‌s limite‌‌d editio‌‌n convertibl‌‌e that'‌‌s parke‌‌d outsid‌‌e plu‌‌s ‌‌a membershi‌‌p t‌‌o th‌‌e countr‌‌y clu‌‌b ..‌‌. (take‌‌s ‌‌a breath‌‌) ..‌‌. an‌‌d a‌‌n invitatio‌‌n fo‌‌r y‌‌e al‌‌l t‌‌o spen‌‌d Ne‌‌w Year'‌‌s Ev‌‌e o‌‌n boar‌‌d m‌‌y ne‌‌w yach‌‌t i‌‌n th‌‌e Riviera.‌‌""  
‌‌  
""Wha‌‌t wa‌‌s i‌‌t y‌‌e sai‌‌d y‌‌e ha‌‌d become?""‌‌, say‌‌s Dad‌‌.  
‌‌  
Girl‌‌, cryin‌‌g again‌‌, ""‌‌A prostitute‌‌, Daddy!‌‌""  
‌‌  
""Oh‌‌! M‌‌y Goodness‌‌! Y‌‌e scare‌‌d m‌‌e hal‌‌f t‌‌o death‌‌, girl‌‌! ‌‌I though‌‌t y‌‌e sai‌‌d ‌‌a Protestant‌‌! Com‌‌e her‌‌e an‌‌d giv‌‌e ye‌‌r ol‌‌d Da‌‌d ‌‌a hug!‌‌"
"Why did Mozart get rid of his chickens?" "All they ever talked about was Bach, Bach, Bach!"
"It’s weird, when I walk to my local bar, it only takes me 10 minutes. When I walk home, it takes me an hour." "The difference is staggering"
"I have a buddy who is incredible at using a wok while unconcious." "He's always been known for sleep woking."
"Your is so obese" "She couldn't fit in the last sentence"
"What's the easiest way to go negative karma on reddit?" "Be a conservative and post your opinions."
"A man walks into a brain store to buy a new brain" "He goes to the clerk and says 

""Hello, I'd like to purchase a new brain"". 

The clerk replies with ""Sure, here are some of our brains we have on sale""  
""Here's the brain of a physicist, 5 dollars."" 

""Here's our second deal for today. The brain of an anti-vaxxer, 10,000 dollars"". 

The man, completely confused, asks ""Why is the brain of an anti-vaxxer more expensive than of a physicist?""

""Because it's never been used"" The clerk replies."
"A man awakes during the night to find that his wife is not in bed. He gets out of bed to look for her, finding her sitting at the kitchen table with a hot cup of coffee, just staring at the wall. He watches as she wipes a tear from her eye and takes a sip of her coffee." "'What's the matter, babe' he whispers as he steps into the room, 'Why are you up having coffee now?""
The wife looks up from her coffee, 'It's the 20th Anniversary of the day we met'.
He can't remember and plays it off.

The wife continues, 'Do you remember 20 years ago when we started dating, I was only 16 and you were 18,' she says solemnly.
Once again, the husband is clueless but plays among. 'Yes, I do' he replies.

The wife pauses, the words were not coming easily. 'Do you remember when my father caught us in the back seat of your car?'
'Oh yeah, I remember!' said the husband, relieved he finally has a point of reference, and sitting down because he realizes he didn't do anything wrong this time.

The wife continued. 'Do you remember when he shoved the shotgun in your face and said, ""Either you marry my daughter or I will send you to prison for 20 years and lock her up in a convent for 20 years'
'I remember that, too' he replied sheepishly.

She wiped another tear from her cheek and said ""I would have gotten out today."""
"There's a pilot for a new reality show based on hookers in a brothel." " It's call ""Deadliest Snatch""."
"Do you know why is Nikola Tesla famous for?" "He is the guy who builds Tesla cars"
v "v

EDIT: Sorry, it looks like the ""ctrl"" key on my keyboard is broken."
"Anti anti-vaxxer accidentally buys the cattle version of Invermectin so he offers it free to neighbor." """ what would I want bovine Invermectin for?"" Asks his neighbor.
"" I thought your wife was sick and could use it, everyone I run into keeps referring to her as a miserable cow"""
"I’ve lost my thesaurus." "I can’t find the words to describe how I feel"
"How many nuns does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" "None. They can’tscrew anything"
"What’s the biggest problem with racist jokes?" "They’re all too racy"
"A young artist exhibits his work for the first time..." "... and a well known art critic is in attendance.

The critic says to the young artist, ""would you like my opinion on your work?""

""Yes, "" says the artist.

""It's worthless,"" says the critic

The artist replies, ""I know, but tell me anyway."""
"What do you call a pile of kittens?" "A meowtain!"
"How does a non-binary boxer fight?" "By throwing theymakers!"
"Breaking news" "Italy is planning to launch 2 new communications satellites in the next year.

They're named Data-1 and Dissa-1."
"An Airplane flying over the Amazon Rainforest crashes in a remote part:" "
Soon, the local tribals reach the crash site and upon seeing the 3 survivors, take them to their King in captivity.

When presented in front of the king, he says ""People of the sky! If you want to live you have to do as I say. Each of you have to go out in the jungle and forrage for fruits and bring 10 of any fruit you select.""

The First man returns to the King's court with 10 Blueberries.

The king says ""If you want to live you have to fit each one of the fruits you bought up into your ass""

The man is shocked but unwilling manages to get all 10 up his ass and the king lets him go away as promised.

The Second man returns with 10 Apples and is presented with the same conditions by the King.

He manages to stuff 6 Apples up his ass and the King seeing him struggle lets him off the hook and lets him go away too.

The 2 men now start walking and one of them stops and asks the other man ""Hey, shouldn't we wait for our friend to come too?"" upon which the man says

""I think we should keep walking, I saw him carrying Watermelons on his way back"""
"Do you know why Arab men have so much fun?" "because they are having their wife's share of fun too"
"A stuttering boy wanted to buy a pen." "So he went to the shop and said
Boy: Do u have a p...p..pe...pe...pen?
Shopkeeper: We have a pen, but not so long one.
.
.
I am bad at english, but hope u guys enjoy this :)"
"What's the plural of neckbeard?" "There isn't one. They're all singular."
"Did you know that Mortal Kombat was based on an old Scandinavian church song?" "A Finnish hymn."
"what starts with w" 
"Three ducks walk into a bar.." "All 3 have faded name tags on. ""Teddy"", ""Freddy"", and ""Pebbles""

The barkeep, wondering why they have name tags on, asks ""what are they for?""

Freddy replies ""It's so the old people down at the lake don't get us confused when they feed us. That way we all get a fair share.""

The bartender says ""wow, that's amazing! Any luck today? How did it go?""

Teddy replies ""It was great! I was in and out of puddles all morning, then went and got myself a nice snack of bread crumbs. Couldn't have been better!""

Freddy says ""My day was pretty great too. I started off with a huge breakfast, then I was in and out of puddles for the rest of the day too!""

Pebbles chimes in ""My day was pretty crappy. I can barely sit on this stool. And my name isn't Pebbles, it's Puddles"""
"What do you call a dictionary on drugs?" "High definition"
"Doctor please" "Doctor: ""I'm afraid you're going to have to take one of these pills every day for the rest of your life.""

Patient: ""But you only prescribed 7 pills!""

Doctor: ""Exactly!"""
"What are cops' favorite type of shows?" "Soap Operas."
"Finders keepers" "I found $10 in a pants pocket today. 
It was a little awkward, since someone was still wearing the pants..."
"What washes up on really small beaches?" Microwaves.
"As a teacher, one of the things I used to dread most was seeing one of my students out in public. So imagine my surprise when I saw 18 year old Kristen out one Saturday night in a 21 and over establishment. She saw me at the same time, came over and loudly asked, ""What the heck are YOU doing here?!""" "I said, ""Well, I'm a functioning alcoholic, it's Saturday night, and I am 32 years old. So I really think the better question here is... how much are the lap dances?"""
"I got my son a bow &amp; arrow set for his birthday, what does he get me for mine? … a T-shirt with a bullseye on the back." "I get no respect."
"Why are fat people good at handling conflicts?" "They are often the bigger man"
"What kind of Chicken does Matthew McConaughey like from KFC?" "All white, All White, All white."
Perspective "Did you see that Lady GaGa nude shoot in Vogue? 

Its' a little graphic. 

You can almost see her Gucci."
"What is your greatest Joke" "You have a gun to your head. The gunman says he will pull the trigger unless you can make him laugh with one joke.. what joke do you tell?"
"The only thing I'm more allergic to than fast food puns..." Arby's.
"Oranges sound excruciating" "One day, the police raided a whole group of prostitutes at a sex party in a hotel and Lulu was among them:
The police took them outside and had all the prostitutes lined up along the driveway when suddenly, Lulu""s grandma came by and saw her grandaughter.
Grandma asked. ""Why are you standing in line here, dear?""
Not willing to let her grandmother know the truth, Lulu told her grandmother that the policemen were there passing out free oranges and she was just lining up for some.
""Why, that""s awfully nice of them. I think I""ll get some for myself."" And she proceeded to the back of the line.
A policeman was going down the line asking for information from all of the prostitutes.
When he got to Grandma, he was bewildered and exclaimed. ""Wow, still going at it at your age? How do you do it?""
Grandma Replied. ""I just take my dentures out, rip the skin back and suck them dry!"""
Twins! " A very ugly woman walks into Wal-Mart with her two kids. The Wal-Mart greeter asks, ""Are they twins?"" The ugly woman says, ""No, he's 9 and she's 7. Why? Do you think they really look alike?"" 

""No,"" replies the greeter. ""I just can't believe you got laid twice."""
"You know the difference between my wife and work?" "Two options:

1) work still sucks after a year

B) I still enjoy coming into my wife"
"What did the redditor say to the redditor" "Please give me a upvote"
"A guy walks up to the ticket counter at an airport. He ask to buy a round trip ticket. The agent asks “to where?”" "He says “to here!”"
"What do you get when you move around the letters of mailman?" "Someone who goes postal."
"What’s yellow and can’t swim" "A school bus full of children."
"Why did the EA executive cross the road?" " Buy the DLC to find out! Alternate ending available if you purchase the season pass!"
"My dad died in 9/11" "He was the best pilot in Saudi Arabia"
"I found a website that steals jokes from Reddit." "I know they are doing it because I kept seeing variations of the same joke repeated over and over again."
"Italian Bread" "Two older men, one 80 and one 87, were sitting on their usual park bench one morning. The 87-year-old had just finished his morning jog and wasn't even short of breath. The 80-year-old was amazed at his friend's stamina and asked him what he did to have so much energy. The 87-year-old said, ""Well, I eat Italian bread every day. It keeps your energy level high, and you'll have great stamina with the ladies.""

So, on the way home, the 80-year-old stops at the bakery. As he was looking around, the lady asked if he needed any help. He said, ""Do you have any Italian bread?"" She said, ""Yes, there's a whole shelf of it, would you like some?"" He said, ""I want five loaves."" She said, ""My goodness, five loaves, it'll get hard.""

He replied, ""Does everybody in the world know about this Italian bread but me?"""
"How Old" " His wife had just bought a new line of expensive cosmetics absolutely guaranteed to make her looks years longer. She sat in front of the mirror for what had to be hours applying the ""miracle"" products. 

Finally, when she was done, she turned to her husband and said, ""Honey, honestly now, what age would you say I am?"" He nodded his head in assessment, and carefully said, ""Well, judging from your skin, 20. Your hair, 18. Your figure, 25."" ""Oh, you're so sweet!"" the wife said. 

""Well, hang on,"" said the husband, ""I'm not done adding it up yet."""
"What’s the difference between a relationship and a video game? They both start off fun and easy, then get a litter harder. If you make it to the end without breaking, everyone is shocked." 
"My first two wives died from eating poisonous mushrooms, the third one died from a blow to the head." "She didn't want to eat the mushrooms."
"What is a girls anatomy teacher’s favorite flower?" Tulips
"What has 10 boobs and 20 teeth?" "The night shift crew at waffle house"
"I was born in very sorry circumstances...." " Both of my parents were very sorry. 

&amp;#x200B;

\-Joke by Norman Wisdom (Source IMDB)-"
"Alabama has changed its drinking age to 28" " Lawmakers warrant this by saying it is meant to keep alcohol out of high school"
"Swaggering Kid" " An eight-year-old kid swaggered into the lounge and demanded of the barmaid, ""Give me a double Scotch on the rocks."" ""What do you want to do, get me in trouble?"" the barmaid asked. ""Maybe later,"" the kid said. ""Right now, I just want the Scotch."""
"""How to learn Chinese?""" "Google: Take mandarin classes 

Bing: Chilling"
"The Flesh is Weak" "A priest and a rabbi are seated together on a plane. After a while, the priest turns to the rabbi and asks, ""Is it still a requirement of your faith that you not eat pork?"" The rabbi responds, ""Yes, that is still one of our beliefs."" The priest then asks, ""Have you ever eaten pork?"" To which the rabbi replies, ""Yes, on one occasion, I did succumb to temptation and tasted a ham sandwich."" The priest nodded in understanding and went on with his reading. 

Later, the rabbi spoke up and asked the priest, ""Father, is it still a requirement of your church that you remain celibate?"" The priest replied, ""Yes, that is still very much a part of our faith."" The rabbi then asked him, ""Father, have you ever fallen to the temptation of the flesh?"" The priest replied, ""Yes, rabbi, on one occasion I was weak and broke with my faith."" The rabbi nodded understandingly. 

He was silent for about five minutes, and then he said, ""Beats a ham sandwich, doesn't it?"""
"Say this hockey team name 5x FAST: Black Hawks" Bbc
"What's the difference between a woman and a volcano?" "Volcanos never fake an eruption!"
"A man walks into a bar to see a horse standing in the corner." "He asks the bartender, ""What's that horse doing there?""

""See this pile of money?"" the bartender says, showing him a jar stuffed full of bills. ""If you can make that horse *laugh*, you can have all of it.""

""Well, okay,"" said the man. So he walked over to the horse and whispered in his ear.

The horse laughed like a motherfucker. The man took his jar full of money and left.

A couple weeks later the man returned. The horse was still in the corner.

""Do I get more money if I make him laugh again?"" the man asked.

""Hell, no!"" The bartender said. ""See this pile of money?"" He showed him another jar stuffed full of bills. ""If you can make that horse *cry*, you can have all of it.""

""Well, okay,"" said the man. So he walked over to the horse, patted his nose, and led him outside to the alley.

The man and the horse were in the alley for just a few minutes when they returned, and when they did, the horse was bawling his eyes out. The bartender was amazed.

""Can I have my jar full of money?"" the man said.

The bartender nodded. ""But before I hand it over, you gotta tell me... How did you do it?""

""Well first,"" the man said, ""I told him that I had a bigger dick than he did.""

""You're kidding,"" the bartender said. ""So how'd you make him cry?""

""Well,"" the man said, ""then I took him out in the alley and I showed him."""
"How does a farmer gain the attention of a woman?" "A tractor."
"First time posting here I all of you like it" "        This guys grandpa in West Texas dies and leaves the house and land around it to the grandson. So the Grandson is taking a trip to go check out the house. Just a bunch of desert and sand. On the way he's not seeing any houses. Finally he finds the place and it's in shambles. He gets out and starts looking around. He says a dust cloud down the road and is like shoot that might be my neighbor so he goes in and puts on a pot of coffee. Sure enough it's his neighbor. So they start chatting it up. 
         Then his neighbor goes,"" Every Sunday around here we have a little get together. We'd really like it if you'd come out so you know if you like us and we know if we like you.""
        The grandson ask ,""what do yall do at these little get togethers?""
        Neighbor: ""well first we drink then we dance then we fight and then we fuck""
       Grandson: thinks to himself I don't know about all that other shit but the fuckin sounds nice.
      ""Sure I'll be put there""
And before leaving the Grandson ask ,"" hey what do i wear to this little get together?""
      The neighbor turns around and says ,"" shit wear whatever you'd like it's just going to be you and me."""
"""Stupidity""" "According the data I just analysed, ""better educated"" people are not as confident,  and are prone to buck-passing, procrastination and panic.

I am not sure, but do you think I should get back to work?  Should I?"
"What Christmas song do they play at the mental hospital?" "Do you see what I see?"
"I can’t believe the person on the other side of the glory hole was a man" "I can’t get the taste of his dick out of my mouth"
"I can’t believe the man on the other side of the glory hole was a man" "I’m lesbian"
"The changing Church" "Where do people go to change things in a church?

The altar"
"I used to drive a Toyota" "Unfortunately, it got Toyotled."
"A woman says to her husband," "“I dreamt I was at Walmart.” 

The husband replies, “I dreamt I was having sex with two women.”

“Was I one of them?” asks his wife.

“No”, says the husband, “you were at Walmart.”"
Scissors "My wife of 10 years just gave me grief for using scissors with my right hand when I'm left-handed. She genuinely had no idea that scissors were hand specific, and I had to demonstrate the challenge of using right-handed scissors with your left hand. Talk about right privilege."
"What do you call an explosive monkey?" "A Baboom!

(made by my cousin)"
"I had sex every day this week." "But my cell mate is the only one who enjoyed it."
"As a woman passed her daughter's closed bedroom door..." "She heard a strange buzzing noise coming from within. Opening the door, she observed her daughter with a vibrator.

Shocked, she asked: 'what in the world are you doing?'

The daughter replied: 'Mom, I'm thirty-five years old, unmarried, and this thing is about as close as I'll ever get to a husband. Please, go away and leave me alone.'

The next day, the girl's father heard the same buzz coming from the other side of the closed bedroom door. Upon entering the room, he observed his daughter making passionate love to her vibrator.

To his query as to what she was doing, the daughter said: 'Dad I'm thirty-five, unmarried, and this thing is about as close as I'll ever get to a husband. Please, go away and leave me alone.'

A couple days later, the wife came home from a shopping trip, placed the groceries on the kitchen counter, and heard that buzzing noise coming from, of all places, the living room. She entered that area and observed her husband sitting on the couch, downing a cold beer, and staring at the TV.

The vibrator was next to him on the couch, buzzing like crazy.

The wife asked: 'What the heck are you doing?!'

The husband replied: 'I'm watching football with my son-in-law.'"
"if you liked planet of the apes" "you might enjoy macaque in uranus"
"The Eternals are the most powerful beings in the Marvel universe" "They were the only team powerful enough to destroy the franchise"
"What do you call a fly after hitting it mid-air?" "You call it a fall"
"What is a group of nerds called?" "A Google."
"Her first pube" "A girl realized that she had grown hair between her legs. She got worried and asked her mom about that hair. Her mom calmly said: “That part where the hair has grown is called Monkey, be proud that your monkey has grown hair.” the girl smiled. At dinner, she told her sister: “My monkey has grown hair.” Her sister smiled and said: “That’s nothing, mine is already eating bananas.”"
"Apparently, Lego prices are higher than ever due to the Pandemic." "This is especially bad news for Lego connoisseurs worldwide, but not so much for people who have since found a much cheaper alternative, going outside."
"First BJ" "A man walks into a bar and takes a seat on one of the stools. The bartender looks at him and asks him what he’d like to drink. The man orders four shots of whiskey for himself. The bartender looks at the man and says 

“Four shots for yourself? What’s the special occasion?”

To which the man replies “First blowjob.” 

The bartender puts on a congratulatory smile and pats the man on the shoulder and says he’ll give him a fifth shot on the house. 

To which the man says “No thanks, if four shots doesn’t get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will.”"
"The life of a penis." "A penis has a sad life....

His hair is a mess; his family is nuts; his next-door neighbor is an asshole; his best friend is a pussy, and his owner beats him habitually."
"The four stages of life, in Santa Clause terms." "1) You believe in Santa.
2) You don’t believe in Santa.
3) You pretend to be Santa.
4) You look like Santa."
"Halloween Party" "Frank decided to have a Halloween party and asked everyone has to come as an emotion.  On the night of the party there was a knock on the door.

Frank opened the door to see John dressed in all blue.  Frank asked what is he dressed as and John answered he’s blue with sadness.  Frank said great costume, come on in. 

There was another knock on the door and when Frank opened the door there was Bob dressed in all green.  Frank asked him was he was dressed as and Bob answered he’s green with envy.  Frank said great costume, come on in.  

There was third knock on the door and when Frank opened the door there was Lou standing there naked with a pear on the end of his penis.  Frank, looking shocked, asked what was he dressed as.  Lou answered “Fucking despair”"
"What does “Let’s go Brandon” mean?" "It’s how little pussy ass bitches say fuck joe Biden."
"What did the clone of Mario say?" """It's a me, Mario!"""
"fun fact..." "Sharks have presumably survived 5 mass extinction events and in theory megalodons are still flourishing in the deep dark depths of the oceans"
N-Word? "I hardly know her!"
"A horse walks into a bar, and the bartender asks him ""So, why the long face?""" "and out of the horses hind parts came the reply ""had a rough day""

""Oh, Senator, I didn't recognize you!"""
"Races are like bread" "We all know which is better"
"How do I hold my cum longer?" "I'm aiming right in the palm of my hand but it keeps slipping out onto the floor. Any siggestions?"
"A girl came into my bookstore and asked..." "A girl came into my bookstore and asked, ""what are the chances you have a book on curing eating disorders with religion?""

Slim to nun?"
"my first love just broke up with me…" "eh, at least we can still be cousins"
"I was walking through the park" "I see a group of guys with pencils and paper writing things down. I say, ""hey guys, what's up?"" They say, ""we're counting crows."" They see my excitement, and I say, ""oh shit, I love your music."" One of them frowns and replies, ""we're zoologists."""
"A vegan, a crossfitter, and a Trump supporter walk into a bar…" "But how can you know that?

Oh, they’ll definitely tell you."
"How do you get a clown off a swing set?" "Hit him in the face with an axe"
"Some jerk keeps closing the elevator door in people's faces" "Unluckily for him, I'm the elevator technician, so I wired the door close button to make a fart sound."
"So this man volunteers every day at a children's cancer ward" "He befriends a little boy named Timmy, so every day he goes and visits Timmy and they watch Marvel movies and talk about baseball and stuff.

One day, Timmy asks the man ""when I get out of here, will you still visit me""

The man replies ""no Timmy, I'm sorry, I don't like cemeteries"""
"Eggs Benedict" "A man goes to breakfast during the Christmas season. He orders eggs Benedict from the server since it’s the special. 
The server returns several minutes later with the dish, steaming on a an old metal hubcap from a car. 
“What’s the meaning of this?” The man exclaims. 
“It’s the holiday special,” replied the waiter. “There’s no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.”"
"Arguing with children can be risky" "test ..."
"Wife talking to Husband." "Wife: Why is it that, in Chess the King can only move one space at a time, but Queens are free to move wherever they like.?


Husband: That's because the board looks like a kitchen floor."
"What's an inspirational quote you could say to an anti vaxxer?" "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."
"What's the hardest part of a tortoise?" "Saying goodbye"
"Men aren't completely useless." "They can always serve as a bad example."
"If Marines eat crayons," "does that mean those who failed to become one eat chalk?"
"Bat penis" "This isn't as good as a text joke since you have to be talking on the phone with your victim.

What has a little dick and hangs down?
What?
A sleeping bat!
Um, okay..
What has a big dick and hangs up?
What?
*you then hang the phone up on them*"
"In a game of cards, what beats a Trump?" "A Biden…


I’ll see myself out."
"I tried to start a new thread in a Windows 10 forum" "But it keeps getting stuck in the device driver"
"I just installed a bidet" "Now I can care less about the shits I give"
"A lemon, a potato, and a pea all had a tough week working at the grocery store..." "...so they decided to let off some steam with a bar crawl at the weekend.

They had a great time, hitting bar after bar, knocking back drinks, but being so genetically different, the alcohol affected them each in different ways: the lemon got very acidic and refluxy; the potato, being a big starchy chap, took the booze in his stride; while the little pea reacted to all the sugar and started to get a touch hyperactive.

At the end of the night, the three friends found themselves leaving a bar at the top of a tall hill, when all of a sudden the pea started bouncing up and down excitedly: ""Lads! Lads! I've got a great idea! We’re all vaguely round in shape, let's not get a cab home, let's just roll down the hill!"" and before the others could protest he was off - shooting down the hill at a rate of knots.

The lemon lurched after him, but soon started listing violently from side to side as he went, owing to his oval shape, which did nothing for his unsettled stomach. With a sigh, the potato trundled along slowly behind.

By the time the potato had bounced his way to the bottom of the hill, the lemon was spewing lemon juice all over the pavement, but the pea was already jumping up and down again, ""that was great, that was great, let's do it again!"".

The lemon was now chundering up pips with the acid, but the pea didn't seem to care - ""Come on! let's go again, that was great!""

The potato turned to him and said ""Easy peasy, lemon's queasy."""
"Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards?" "He was just going through a stage."
"Why is a timer like a scale?" "They both measure wait."
"A proud father has six children." "He always calls his wife ""Mother of Six,"" to her displeasure. 
One night at a party, he yells across the room, ""Mother of six, we're leaving now."" 

She replies, ""Be right with you, father of four."""
"I need a list Fantasy/Fairy tale type jokes/riddles" " For a school event, I got tasked to do logistics and game creation and so happens one of the games is to let the participants guess riddles or jokes, and as the event is fairy taled themed I need a list of jokes/ riddles (sfw and not dark if possible)"
"Elementary classroom" "kid: ""I am sleeping with dad last night""  
Teacher:""No..No..I SLEPT with dad last night""  
kid:""You must have came after I was asleep then."""
"When you're dead, you don't know you're dead. It's just hard for the others" "It is the same when you are stupid."
"I feel sorry for the guys who regularly go to strip clubs..." "Every time I go I think, ""Man, I see some of these losers here every week."""
"How long does it take the Dutch to make eggs Benedict?" "It takes Holland days!"
"A mathematician comes home at three in the morning." "His wife has been waiting for him and says angrily, ""You're late. You said you'd be home at 11:45!""

""Actually,"" the mathematician replies, ""I said I'd be home at a quarter of 12."""
"I like fingering a minor" "I’m not a guitarist"
"What do a pistol and candy have in common?" "When you pull them out of your backpack suddenly everyone at school wants to be your friend."
"A Turkish farmer, Hodja, goes to the mill to get his wheat ground to flour. While he's waiting in line he starts dipping his hand into the sack of the man in front of him and moving handfulls of wheat to his own sack." "The man turns and catches him: ""Hodja! What are you doing stealing my wheat!""

Hodja, embarrassed, starts rolling his eyes and jittering: ""Huh? What? I don't even know what I'm doing because I'm just craaaaaazy!""

The man says ""if you're so crazy, how come you're only putting my grain in your sack, and not putting your grain in my sack?""

Hodja replies indignantly: ""I said I was crazy, not stupid!"""
"What’s the difference between Mohammed and a photo of Mohammed" "Mohammed screwed a child but you’ll get nailed for that photo. 

(All the Jesus jokes were getting stale, decided to mix it up a bit.)"
"have you guys checked out penisland.com?" "they're having a sale on all their pens."
"Why is 10 afraid of 9?" "&gt;!Because 9 ate 7.!&lt;

I uno-reversed-card'd this joke and I felt proud, now give me upvotes"
"Using Left hand instead gave me a completely different feeling..." "..was able to finish my work faster. Try changing the settings of the mouse."
"Therapist recommended I try using CBT to help with depression" "I still feel dead inside, but at least now my balls are too"
"What does a South African pirate and a sexual health nurse have in common?" "Both their jobs involve swabbing the dicks."
"I'm in hospital because I drunk a cup of petrol." "That was a very fuelish thing to do."
"What kind of news does a radio and a recent couple who spilt deliver............." "Breaking news!!!







(I'll just see myself out)"
"The Special" " A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. ""What's the special tonight?"" he asks the bartender. ""It's our blue cheese bacon burger,"" the bartender replies. ""Do you want to try one?"" ""Nah. I hate blue cheese,"" the guy replies. ""I mean it's literally just cheese full of bacteria."" ""Hey,"" the bartender says, clearly offended. ""You need to stop discriminating against other cultures."""
"A ghost sits down at a restaurant table and orders a burger and a drink." "He confirms his order and the waiter asks him 'Do you want frights with that?'"
"Man was riding a bus and noticed one hot nun." "He tried to talk to her but she ignored him and left the bus on her stop. When he was leaving the bus the bus driver stopped him and told:
- I saw that you liked that nun and I know how you can fuck her. Come to the cemetery at midnight dressed as Jesus - she will be praying there. And if you'll say that you are Jesus she will fuck with you.

So dude made as been told, dressed in white robe and a beard and came to the cemetery at midnight. And there was she praying. He came closer to her and said:
- I'm Jesus, I've heard your prays and I came to fuck you.
Nun responded:
- Sure, I'd love to fuck with you, but I'm nun and have to keep my virginity so it will only be anal.
He agreed and fucked her in the ass. As he finished, there was no need for further masquerade so he throw out the robe and took down the beard and said:
- you fool, I'm not the Jesus, I'm dude from the bus! 
And nun thrown away her nun dresses and responded:
- I'm not the nun, I'm the bus driver!"
"I was in the Post Office queue yesterday when Diana Ross tried to push in." "I said “You can't hurry love, you'll just have to wait...”"
"I went to an ""all-you-can-eat"" buffet, but it was rubbish." "There was plenty of stuff that I can eat which wasn't there."
"I heard they cast a female James Bond." "They’re going to call her double O 75 cents to the dollar."
"My girlfriend dreamed..." "Yesterday my girlfriend dreamed that I was unfaithful, so I cheated on her because I want to fulfill all of her dreams."
"If Johnson &amp; Johnson is splitting..." "Which one will be Johnson and which one will be Johnso"
"Wtf even is a joke?" "Joke rogan"
"How can you tell a gay couple broke into your house?" "The dishes are done and there's a quiche in the oven"
"A man walks into a doctor's office and panicks.." "Man: ""Doctor, I'm shrinking!""
Doctor: ""Well, sir you will have to learn to be a little patient."""
"I told my gf, while crying that I was making fun of a monk" "&amp; that the monk cursed me that now whenever I lie to anyone, I'll have to pee.


My girfriend (comforting me) : Relax. It's bullshit. You'll be alright

Me (smiling a little) : Thanks. You're such a good person


GF : Don't worry. I've been always like this you.

Me (smiling): Yeah. You always have been so considerate.

GF: let's go to museum? 

Me : Ah I really appreciate your kindn....oh wait, I can't hold it any more. I gotta go to washroom. I'll be right back.

(Few moments later)

I didn't find here where we were before."
"It was a sad and disappointing day" "when I discovered my universal remote control did not in fact control the universe.  
Not even remotely."
"What do you call a 15 year old boy, who doesn't masturbate?" "A liar."
"Hagrid: you’re a light bulb Harry!" "Harry Potter: I’m a watt!?"
"There’s 2 types of people in this world…those that pick their nose…" "And fucking liars"
"A newly married couple visit a doctor." "The doctors asks, ""What's the problem?""

Husband replies, ""There is a bee stuck in my wife's vagina.""

Doctor asks, ""How the hell did it get in there??""

Husband, ""I'm not sure, but maybe one of the bees, from the beehive right next to our house, happened to get in there, when my wife was naked. Can you help us?""

Doctor says, ""Ok, I gotta plan, but you need to trust me. I'd apply honey on my dick, and slide it in your wife's vagina, and try to attract the bee. When it sits on my dick, I'll pull it out.""

Husband replies, ""No, you mean you'd put your dick in my wife's vagina? In no way, I'd let you do this.""

Doctor says, ""Ok, why don't you do it instead of me. But there is a risk, the bee might sting you. Are you still eager to do it?""

Husband replies, ""Ok, do it."" He convinces his wife. Doctor applies honey on his dick and slides into the lady's vagina. He gently strokes and goes deeper, but no success. So he applies more force and goes harder and deeper. Gradually, he starts to enjoy it, and the lady starts moaning.

Hearing his wife's moans, the husband shouts, ""What the hell are you doing??!?!?"" 

Doctor replies, ""Plan changed, I'm gonna drown the bastard."""
"A man walks into a doctor's office, wearing nothing but bubblewrap for underwear" "The receptionist says ""Sir, I used to think you were crazy, but now I can see your nuts!"""
"Who said he wanted to?" " An 80 year old man went to the doctor for a checkup and the doctor was amazed at what good shape the guy was in. The doctor asked, ""To what do you attribute your good health?"" 

The old timer said, ""I'm a golfer and that's why I'm in such good shape.   I'm up well before daylight and out golfing up and down the fairways."" 

The doctor said, ""Well, I'm sure that helps, but there's got to be more to it. How old was your father when he died?"" 

The old timer said, ""Who said my father's dead?"" 

The doctor said, ""You mean you're 80 years old and your father is still alive?  How old is he?"" 

The old timer said, ""He's 100 years old and, in fact, he golfed with me this morning. That's why he's still alive, he's a golfer."" 

The doctor said, ""Well, that's great, but I'm sure there's more to it. How about your grandfather? How old was he when he died?"" 

The old timer said, ""Who said my grandpa's dead?"" 

The doctor said, ""You mean you're 80 years old and your grandfather's still living! How old is he?"" 

The old timer said, ""He's 118 years old."" 

The doctor was getting frustrated at this point and said, ""I guess he went golfing with you this morning too?"" 

The old timer said, ""No...Grandpa couldn't go this morning because he got married."" 

The doctor said in amazement, ""Got married!! Why would a 118-year-old guy want to get married?"" 

The old timer shot back, ""Who said he wanted to?"""
"Ajit Pai." " 

That's it. That's the whole fucking joke.

EDIT: Removed edits, people don't like those."
"Three old men sitting on a park bench…" "Man #1: I wish I can sleep through the night, I get up every 2 hours to pee.

Man #2: You think that’s bad? I’m constipated and haven’t had a bowel movement in a week.

Man #3: You think you guys have problems? I sleep throughout the night and every morning at 7:30 I empty my bladder and have a big bowel movement.

The other two men look confused…How’s that a problem? They ask.

Man #3: I don’t get up until 8:00am…"
"Three old men sitting in a park bench…" "Man #1: I wish I can sleep through the night, I get up every 2 hours to pee.

Man #2: You think that’s bad? I’m constipated and haven’t had a bowel movement in a week.

Man #3: You think you guys have problems? I sleep throughout the night and every morning at 7:30 I empty my bladder and have a big bowel movement.

The other two men look confused…How’s that a problem? They ask.

Man #3: I don’t get up until 8:00am…"
"Where do electricians go when their job is done?" "They go h-ohm."
"China's territorial claims be like..." "...remember the time when a small bunch of hunter gatherers were roaming this place and a small child with ADHD threw a half-eaten tuna on the ground and forgot to pick it up? 

Hence this land is ours."
"Why doesn’t Elon Musk want to pay more in taxes?" "Well because he needs to save up money for his autism medication 😞"
"Why do prostitutes like going to the beach?" "Cause they enjoy collecting crabs."
"What do you call a muscular Arab?" "A Protein Sheikh

What do you call a horny Arab?
Sheikh Mehboob"
"What do German baker's say to welcome you?" "Gluten tag."
"What generation is Forest Gump in?" "Gen A"
"I bought shoes from a drug dealer once…" "I’m not sure what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day."
"Why don't you see Emos anymore?" "Cause they were treated with Emotherapy. Hehe."
"What do you call an expert at auto body repair and espionage?" "Bondo. James Bondo."
"I hate German sausages" "They are die Wurst I've ever tasted."
Lawyers...? "Betty and Tim die in a car accident on the eve of their wedding.

 In Heaven, they ask St. Peter if they can still be married.

 ""Well, let me find out if this is possible. Stay here and I will be right back."" 

Six months pass and Peter returns. ""Yes, we can do this for you.""

 The couple asks, ""Well, as we have spent so much time together waiting for your answer, we need to know that if things don't work out, is there a possibility that we can be divorced?""

 To which St. Peter answers, ""It took me six months to find a priest up here how long do you think it will take me to find a lawyer?"""
"Pastor of the small town church died and went to hell." "
One of his neighbor who died a year early than him was suprised when he saw the pastor in hell.

Neighbor: Why are you here Pastor? You preached the word of the God and helped our small town community become into peaceful loving town. 

Pastor: Actually I'm not suprised why I am here..  

Neighbor: Your sin is about what?

Pastor: Its about my ugly fat wife. Everyday she wear a dress or sexy clothes something like that and she keeps asking me if she's sexy, hot or beautiful for the whole 20 years. What will I say?? Of course honey!"
"What do you call a dog that does magic tricks?" "A labracadabrador"
"These holidays, Mike Tyson will be appearing at a shopping mall near you." "So keep an ear out for him."
"It was my birthday yesterday and I got given a rubbish thesaurus" "It was rubbish"
"We are getting a traditional smack head tree this Xmas..." "It's scrawny, malnourished and leaves needles everywhere."
"The driver in the Waukesha incident will get off." "He was only using self defense."
"Give it to me! Give it to me!"" she yelled. ""I'm so wet, give it to me now!""" " She could scream all she wanted, but I was keeping the umbrella"
"Wife strikes again!" "A husband exclaims to his wife one day, ""Your butt is getting really big. It's bigger than the BBQ grill!""

 Later that night in bed, the husband makes some advances towards his wife who completely brushes him off.

 ""What's wrong?"" he asks.

 She answers, ""Do you really think I'm going to fire up this big-ass grill for one little weenie?"""
"Why would a radio DJ be a terrible firefighter?" "Because they are always there to keep the hot things hot and the cool things cool"
"A vegan said to me that people who sell meat are disgusting." "I said people who sell fruit
and vegetables are grocer."
"Why should you never trust a Nazi Sat-Nav?" "It always takes the Third Reich"
"I sent a dick pic to this woman I met in Thailand." "I guess she liked it because she responded with a dick pic of her own."
"Never say anything bad about someone until you've walked a mile in their shoes." "That way, you're a mile away, you've got his shoes, you can say whatever the hell you want!"
"Donald Trump got a message from someone which read as follows:" "370H55V 0773H
He couldn't make heads of what this message means,so he called his top intelligence team to decipher this Code,but noboudy could crack it,until the janitor who was cleaning around Trumps desk read it facing upside down and burst out laughing."
"A paranoid patient goes to the doctor," """Doctor please help me, I feel like I've only got 59 seconds to live!""  
Doctor - ""Yes please wait outside I'll be with you in a minute."""
"What do you call a Spanish woman that always says yes?" Si-ñorita
"I bought a book about decorating for Christmas." "just a little light reading."
"English is a difficult language ...... for some!" "&amp;#x200B;

This is a true story from the Japanese Embassy in US!!!

A few days ago, Prime Minister Mori was given some

Basic English conversation training before he visits

Washington and meets president Barack Obama...

The instructor told Mori Prime Minister,

when you shake hand with President Obama, please say 'how ru'.

Then Mr. Obama should say, 'I am fine, and you?' Now, you should

say 'me too'. Afterwards we, translators, will do the work for you.'

It looks quite simple, but the truth is...

When Mori met Obama ,

he mistakenly said 'who r u?' (Instead of 'How ru?'.)

Mr. Obama was a bit shocked but still managed to react with humor:

'Well, I'm Michelle's husband, ha-ha..'

Then Mori replied 'me too, ha-ha.. ..

Then there was a long silence in the meeting room."
"What did the blonde woman say when the doctor told her she was pregnant?" "How do you know it's mine?"
"Bubba's secret!" "One weekend, the husband is in the bathroom shaving when the kid he hired to mow his lawn, a local kid named Bubba, comes in to pee.

The husband slyly looks over and is shocked at how immensely endowed Bubba is.

He can't help himself, and asks Bubba what his secret is.

""Well,"" says Bubba, ""every night before I climb into bed with a girl, I whack my penis on the bedpost three times. It works, and it sure impresses the girls!""

The husband was excited at this easy suggestion and decided to try it that very night.

So before climbing into bed with his wife, he took out his penis and whacked it three times on the bedpost.

His wife, half-asleep, said, ""Bubba? Is that you?"""
"How do you know if a person is trans?" "They just kill themselves




I predict that this post will be removed/downvoted"
"[NSFW] (Old Indian joke Translated) A newly married bride goes to the grandmother after her first night." "Bride : My husband has no knowledge in sex. He kept humping my belly button all night.My stomach is now paining because of that

Grandma :This is a common problem. Just apply castor oil all over your midriff so that his cock will eventually slip into your vagina.

That night,the bride did and the groom kept moving around his penis until it finally thrust into her vagina.

He immediately got up and ran away from the room in horror.

Why?

[Spoiler] He thought he had pierced her belly [\Spoiler]

Sorry for the bad translation."
"Did you hear about the non-binary prospector?" "They struck gold in them/their hills."
"Hey, did you pay the phone bill? The phone company is getting angry" "No, hehe, they stopped calling us. In fact, everyone did."
"Hey, did you pay the phone bill?" "The phone company is getting angry.No, hehe, they stopped calling us. In fact, everyone did."
"Two cannibals are eating Amy Schumer" "One of them says. ""Hey man doesn't this taste a bit funny"".

The other cannibal says. ""Nope""."
"Justice is best served cold" "Coz if it were warm, it’d be Justwater."
"My friend said: “You have a BA, a Masters and a PhD, but you still act like an idiot…”" "It was a third degree burn."
"I have a joke about Osmium" "but it's too dense."
"A man breaks into a wealthy persons house" "He hears a sobbing noise coming from around the corner so he goes to check what it is. He perks around the corner to see a body guard sobbing saying ""I C c can't believe boss forgot my birthday, I thought he was m my f f friend uhoo hoo"" so he turns around and goes the opposite direction desperate to escape with something. He spots a door at the end of the hallway that appears to have been left unlocked he opens to find the houses owner. He says ""YOU!! How did you get past my security"" the robber says ""you let your guard down"""
"What do you get when an industrial rock band invents a gaming console?" "A NINtendo"
"If I can't batter the women" "Then how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then??"
"My answer to the question ""How do pandemics spread internationally"" in an assignment in my Social Studies." "When infected people, animals, etc. travel to places outside of their country, the infection easily spreads to the other people and animals. For instance, take a disease that can be transmitted via fart. When someone infected decides to board a plane after eating one to many cans of beans, there is a pretty good chance that everyone is going to leave the plane as a fart zombie. And all it takes is just one fart zombie to let it rip to infect the atmosphere. Take note that although this entire answer is one big fart joke, diseases can be spread via feces as well, so there is a possibility in the future for there to be an actual disease that is transmitted via farts.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;&gt;!props to my brother for giving me the idea.!&lt;"
"One Sunday, little Johnny's grandpa asks him a question," "  
""Do you know what one eye said to the other eye?""  
""No, grandpa.""  
""It said, Between you and me, something smells."""
"I had a friend over to my house and he told me he could hear my garbage can chattering away. He asked me if I knew what it was saying?" "I told him I did not know, as I never listen to trash-talk."
"What’s the answer to 230 - 220 * .5?" "The answer is 5!"
"Sorry but the vaccinated people can not make their way to the heaven" "Because the 'Vaccine' interferes with the protein transcription process and prevents us from reincarnating when we decompose after we die. God would not be able to recognize the sequence and you would not be able to enter heaven."
"What do you say when Batman cuts one of his veins?" "He Bruced his Wayne."
"What did the scared cow say before being murdered?" "**This is terror bull**"
Speeding "A woman is caught speeding on the freeway, and is pulled over by a traffic cop. He says ""Ma'am, you were going 85 miles per hour, can I see your driver's license?"" ""I don't have one,"" says the woman, ""it was revoked for reckless driving."" 

""I see,"" says the policeman. ""Then will you please show me your vehicle registration?"" ""I don't have that either because the car's not mine,"" says the woman. 

""Whose car is it, then?"" asks the policeman. She answers, ""It belongs to the man I killed this morning and chopped up in pieces, put in plastic bags, and loaded into the trunk. I was just going to dispose of him."" The policeman, shocked, says, ""You just stay where you are, I'm calling reinforcements."" 

Soon the captain comes, and asks the woman, ""License please?"" The woman, politely, says, ""Certainly, here it is,"" and hands over her license. ""Can I see the car's registration, please?"" asks the captain, and the woman says, ""Certainly,"" and hands it over to him. He then asks, ""Would you mind if I looked in your trunk?"" ""Not at all,"" says the woman, and pops the trunk. He looks in and it's empty. ""Excuse me,"" says the captain, ""but my officer her told me you had no license, no vehicle registration, and that you had stolen the car, killed its owner, cut him into pieces and loaded him in your trunk!"" 

The woman answered, ""Really? I bet the damn liar said I was speeding, too!"""
"Every Trip" " A businessman packing for a trip glances in his briefcase. ""Honey,"" he says to his wife. ""Yes, darling?"" she replies. ""Honey,"" he says, in mild exasperation, ""Why do you persist in putting a condom in my briefcase every time I go on a trip? You know I only have eyes for you. I'd never be unfaithful."" ""Oh, I know, darling, and I trust you,"" 

She replies sweetly, ""It's just that, well, you know, with all those terrible diseases out there, it would make me feel better to know that if anything did happen, you'd be protected. So please, darling, take it with you, won't you? For my peace of mind?"" ""Oh, all right, if you put it that way,"" 

He relented, ""I'll do it for you. But for safety's sake, give me more than one!"""
Wrapped "For Mike's birthday, his wife wanted to surprise him when he came home from work. After some careful consideration, she decided to strip naked and wrap herself in Saran wrap from her shoulders to her ankles. Soon, Michael enters his house exhausted from a tough day at work. Mike walks through the kitchen, puts his lunchbox down, and hears his wife say, ""Honey, I'm in the living room."" Rounding the corner, he spots her wrapped up in plastic.

After a quick peek, he sighs and says, ""Leftovers again!"""
"I'm used to working with transgenders." "I've worked with some women that have bigger muscles and balls than those bitches and pussies that call themselves men."
"A man calls up a lawyer's office" "and the receptionist answers.

R: ""Hello, this is the office of Jones, Jones, Jones, and Jones.""

M: ""Can I speak to Mr. Jones, please.""

R: ""Oh, I'm sorry to tell you, but Mr. Jones has passed away.""

M: ""I'm sorry to hear that, my condolences. How about Mr. Jones?""

R:  ""Mr. Jones is no longer with the firm, I'm afraid.""

M: ""Ah, I see. Is Mr. Jones available?""

R: ""Mr. Jones is in a meeting right now, I can have him call you back?""

M: ""No, no, this is rather urgent. Can you put me through to Mr. Jones, then?""

R: ""He's out."""
"What do you call a big, prejudiced, scary clown?" "A big It"
"what is happen when pizza over" "im cry"
"I'm just like a pterodactyl in the bathroom..." "Because my P is silent."
"Translated from my native language. Two friends decided to go to a jungle for camping ." "Day 1. They were enjoying their time and suddenly they see tribe men running towards them. They both ran and ran eventually friend B got caught when friend A climbed the tree. Tribemen have their way with him and he comes back on camp site with his hands on his ass hurting.

Day2. They both go out to get some work done and again they hear those tribemen again. Friend A climbs the tree again and tribemen take friend B again and do the deed with him again.

Day3. Same thing happens, but this time friend B ask friend A to let him climb tree this time. He thought for a second and said yes that’s only fair. He helps friend B climb the tree. And as he was ready to get taken by tribemen, tribemen climbed the tree and took friend B again cause the were bored of the guy on ground ."
"A young attractive woman said that I was quite the looker." "Well voyeur is what she actually called me."
"The young attractive couple next door apparently made a sex tape" "Too bad they don’t know about it yet."
"In first grade math class" "Teacher: who knows what what comes before 15?
Timmy: AR"
"What did the boy with no arms get for Christmas?" " I don't know, he hasn't opened it yet"
"My wife is hard to please. Just recently I told her I was taking her to Vegas in style." "She never even spoke a word to me on the Greyhound bus."
"Hey, I heard you run an owl and ghost enclosure." "It's just a zoo.
Then why do I keep hearing Boo Hoo?"
"How many redittors does it take to change a lightbulb?" "1 to change the light bulb and to post that the light bulb has been changed.

14 to share similar experiences of changing light bulbs and how the light bulb could have been changed differently.

7 to caution about the dangers of changing light bulbs.

17 purists who use candles and are offended by light bulb discussions.

6 to argue over whether it's 'lightbulb' or 'light bulb.'

Another 6 to condemn those 6 as stupid.

22 to tell THOSE 6 to stop being jerks.

2 industry professionals to inform the group that the proper term is 'lamp.'

15 know-it-alls who claim they were in the industry, and that 'light bulb' is perfectly correct.

49 to post memes and gifs (several are of Michael Jackson eating popcorn).

19 to post that this page is not about light bulbs and to please take this discussion to a light bulb page.

11 to defend the posting to this page saying that we all use light bulbs and therefore the posts are relevant here.

24 to discuss the merits of LED/swirly fluorescent light bulbs.

44 to claim LED and fluorescent bulbs will kill you.

12 to post F.

8 to ask what F means.

36 People to post pics of their own light bulbs.

15 People to post ""I can't see S$%!"" and use their own light bulbs.

6 to report the post or PM an admin because someone said ""f÷×$""

4 to say ""Didn't we go through this already a short time ago?"".

13 to say ""Do a search on light bulbs before posting questions about light bulbs.""

1 to bring politics into the discussion by adding that (insert politician of choice) isn't the brightest bulb. This usually takes place within the first three comments.

50 more to get into personal attacks over their political views.

5 admins to ban the light bulb posters who took it all too seriously.

1 late arrival to comment on the original post 6 months later and start it all over again."
"My friend told me they had never heard of Adele. And I was like:" """Hello?"""
"My told me they had never heard of Adele. And I was like:" [deleted]
"My wife isn't talking to me. She said I ruined her birthday." "I don't even know when her birthday is!"
"Allergic reaction" "I woke up with an allergic reaction spreading all over my body. Instinctively I thought to go straight to the doctor, but then I realized quickly that one should never make rash decisions!"
"Kids are always finding ways to get high" "I know this kid that used to sniff white out at school. One day the school counsler asked him why.
Concerned about the kid the counsler listens as the kid tells him a story.

My dad and mom are fighting all the time. When they fight mommy always calls daddy pencil dick. Im worried I might get my girlfriend pregnant.

Apparently whiteout doesn't fix all mistakes. But it definitely makes kids stupid."
"What's the difference between the police officer and a bullet?" "The bullet only hits you once."
"Quasi-modo walks up to an ice cream truck" "Quasi: Mr. Whippy with sprinkles please!

Vendor: Crushed nuts?

Quasi: No, bad back..."
"I got kicked out of the hospital because I told the COVID patients to stay positive" [deleted]
"How do Jewish skiers greet each other?" Slalom
"Why do people from Boston sound retarded?" [deleted]
"Did you hear about the superhero with a lisp who worked out too hard?" "Hes really Thor"
"How does the Hulk make extra money?" "He flips cars."
"Which country in the world has most Parks?" Korea
"Why is the sky blue?" "Because it is sad at inflation of prices."
"My girlfriend said I'm terrible in bed" "But it's unfair to make a conclusion in 17 seconds"
"Oh god save me" "If there's any evil villain here who's secretly planning to destroy world, please do it fast. My offline exams are starting."
"I can burp “Twink Twinkle Little Star”" "But farts are a different story...."
"Imagine if messenger had memories too" [deleted]
"A pub's closing and a totally plastered customer struggles to get to the door" " Then struggles to walk home, despite only living a few hundred yards from there. He literally crawls on the pavement all the way back home, drags himself up the stairs and eventually reaches his bed after two hours. He wakes up the next morning, and his wife tells him:

""You were really drunk last night weren't you?""

""Yeah, why? How do you know?""

""You left your wheelchair at the pub."""
"Did you know my dad can do magic?" "One day we were walking down the street and he turned into a barbershop"
"Three guys walk into a Bar" [deleted]
"Accidentally bought a litre of Tipex, yesterday" "Big mistake"
"I have finally got more than 5 points in a test!" [deleted]
"My Dad said that people shouldn't get ribbons just for participating because it rewards them for loosing" [deleted]
"What did one burp say to the other burp?" "Let’s be stinkers and go out the other end"
"Why was the cheetah so bad at hide and seek ?" "No matter where she hid, she was always spotted."
"Where do the Sith hang out after school?" "The Darth Mall."
"Who did Owen Wilson borrow money from?" "Wilson, you know, because he was owen Wilson."
"I must have ate something wrong last weekend because I had diarrhea for the next few days." "So today was the first day I felt normal, I took care of myself and I finally did myself a solid."
"A fucking Chuck Norris joke I made when I was 7" "What happens when Chuck Norris kicks the bucket? 

He breaks a couple floors"
"What did Stacy said after listening to Billie Eilish in Mariana Trench?" [deleted]
"I told my psychologist I am scared off living in tall buildings" "Apparently it's an Apartment Complex"
"Great news" " I just finished my big band arrangement of John Cages 4'33. I arranged  it in cut time so technically its only 2'15 but I'm going to fill time  with solos.  The really great news is that Wynton Marsalis has already  agreed not to play on the recording, which is good because I couldnt  afford to have him refuse."
"How to correctly well wish if one of your friends gets married." "Say congratulations if your friend is female.

Say Good luck if your friend is male."
"I got kicked out of the hospital," 
"True story: my wife and I have a sort of nonsexual symbiotic relationship in bed at night…" "You could call it an “I’ll scratch your back, you scratch my sack” arrangement."
"She came into my work with a loyalty gift card" [deleted]
"She came in with a loyalty card" 
"My register went down at work" [deleted]
"How do you say boobs in ancient egyptian?" Nefertitty
"Once a salesperson asked me, "" Do you like dark coloured furniture, Can I show you some? """ "I said: oaky"
"Did you hear about the psychosphrenic dyslexic agnostic insomniac?" "He spent all night debating the existence of dog with himself."
"Yo mama so fat..." "She can’t get her ass over there ‘cause it’s already over there."
"I have a lot of anxiety, so I went to a massage parlor and asked them to break my spine" [deleted]
"What Do You Call A Human Invertebrate?" [deleted]
"Did you hear the one about shooting an apple off your head with a bow and arrow?" "Yeah, I don’t wanna Tell you."
"A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers." 
"Magician: I can make anything disappear" "Magician: I can make disappear"
"My girlfriend told me she’s pregnant which made me cry..." "I know what it is like to grow up without a father"
"My dog has no nose, how does it smell?" [deleted]
"What do you call a mushroom that drives?" "A mushvroom!"
"So my girlfriend told me that she was seeing another man" [deleted]
"What is a profane chef's least favorite fish to work with?" "cod, dammit."
"There are two types of people on this planet" "People who eat ass.....and liars"
Girlfriend "A friend and I were talking the other day.

Friend: do you have a girlfriend?

Me: yes I do

Friend: nice! Where is she now?

Me: she's in another nation

Friend: oh which nation?

Me: Imagi-nation"
"A boy, his father and his mother are having dinner. But the boy doesn't want to eat his broccoli." "- Eat your broccoli! - says the mother.

- No! - exclaims the boy.

The father then leans toward the boy and whispers something in his ear. The boy quickly eats his broccoli and goes into his room.

- What did you tell him?

- I told him that if he didn't eat his broccoli, his dick wouldn't grow.

The woman then stands up and slaps the man as hard as she can.

- What was that for? - he asks, confused.

- FOR NOT EATING YOUR BROCCOLI WHEN YOU WERE A CHILD!"
Waw "Who do you call a person with four heads?

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

A Forehead"
"“But like no homo tho”" 
"I used to date a girl in a wheelchair, she broke up with me because I kept pushing her around" 
"I used to date a girl in a wheelchair" [deleted]
"What does a nosy pepper do?" "Gets jalapeno buisness!"
"What makes you a great Programmer?" "I am an excellent bug killer!"
"A man was walking Naked in jungle When animals Saw him," "they all run Away
""The Zebra then asked the Lion
""Even you King of the Jungle?""
The Lion replied: Oh my friend keep jokes
aside, that is a Strange Animal.
The tail was infront."
"͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏ ͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏ ͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏͏" 
"My mom wanted me to take out the trash." "Now she panicking trying to find me."
"How do you make your girlfriend scream during sex?" [deleted]
"Did you guys know that squirrels die after sex?" "It's kind of a pain, you have to find a new one every time."
"Is black comedy allowed on here?" "Wanted to post a Kevin Hart joke."
"Did you hear about the cannibalistic lion?" "He swallowed his pride."
https://reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/cgvl5h/hypotenuse/ [deleted]
"Did you hear about the broke tailor?" "He’s hanging on by a thread.."
"“Doc, I think my son has gonorrhea,” a patient told his urologist on the phone. “The only woman he’s screwed is our maid.” “OK, don’t be hard on him. He’s just a kid,” the doc soothed. “Get him in here right away and I’ll take care of him.”" "“But, Doc, I’ve been screwing the maid, too, and I’ve got the same symptoms he has.”

“Then you come in with him and I’ll fix you both up,” replied the doctor.
&gt;“Well,” the man admitted, “I think my wife now has it, too.”

“Son of a bitch!” the physician roared. “That means we’ve all got it!”"
"Why did OBL divorce his wife?" "Because when she spread her legs he saw Bush."
"I keep hearing about this great new MCU show featuring what I can only assume are Hispanic superheroes..." "but I can't seem to find this *Juan Division* on any streaming service."
"Neighbor: So, what are your sons's professions? Man: The first one is an engineer, the second one is a doctor. The third one is a business man and my last son is a thief! Neighbor: What? Why don't you kick your 4th son out of the house?" "Man: How can I sir? He is the only one who earns money!"
"A profession golfer driving his Porsche picked up an Irish girl hitchhiker. He had his golfing gear on the back seat. The Irish girl picked up something and asked, ""What are these?"" ""Those are tees,"" he said. ""I rest my balls on them when I drive.""" """Wow!"" said the girl. ""What will those car makers think of next!"""
"What came before the X-Men?" "The C-Men."
"Chemistry Joke" "2 Chemists walk into a bar one asked for some H20 so the bartender gets him some water the other asked for some H202 he dies"
"What do I wish this sub had less of?" Bread.
"My wife accused me of being immature in the bathroom" "Hell’ She’s the one who keeps sinking my rubber ducks"
"What do you call a narcissist bird of prey?" Eagle-centric
"You know what they say about canned chicken..." "...it's the Tuna of the land."
"Timmy wants a watch" "Timmy notices Tommy has a new watch when he sees him in the playground.  “Where’d you get the watch?” Asked Timmy.  Tommy replied, “I walked in on my parents having sex. When my dad saw me, he threw me his watch and told me to get out.”  

Timmy thought this was a great idea. So, that night when his parents were going at it, Timmy made his move and walked in on them mid-stroke.  Timmy’s dad sees him and yells “what do you want!?!” “I wanna watch” says Timmy.  His dad sighed and said, “Alright, go stand in the corner.”"
"What do you call a transgender selling or buying anything?" "It’s a Transaction"
"I thought all the trees had broken when they lost their leaves last year. They're coming back now though." "What a re-leaf."
"What kind of fruit never makes its own decisions?" "A conference pear"
"Why do women and children evacute first in any disaster?" "So that they could think of a solution in peace.

(Credits to @gta5moneyexploiys on tiktok for this koke)"
"Nirvana's album ""unplugged""" "Was the last album Cobain made before he unplugged himself."
"What do you call an ostrich that practices dark magic?" "An ostwitch!"
"What did the fresh Coke say to the flat Sprite?" "“Wow, you’re sodapressing.”"
"Who’s the father of data?" Data.
"Yo mama’s forehead so big...." "...the UN passed a bill declaring it a sovereign state."
"What’s the difference between hungry and horny?" "Where you put the cucumber!"
"I have a friend who tried to take a selfie in the shower, but the image was too blurry" "He has selfie steam issues."
"What does a barista, a stripper and a middle aged office worker have in common?" "When they return to work, they all say ""Well, back to the grind."""
"What's Michael Jackson's Pronouns?" He/He.
"A sheep walks into a pub and approaches the innkeeper" """I'm looking for a job"" says the sheep

""You're a sheep, what job could you possibly do?"" replies the innkeeper sternly

The sheep, feeling slightly offended retorts ""I'd make a good baahhhhhhhmaid"""
"My reddit account is now one year old!" "That's older than most anti-vax kids!"
"People never like my cake jokes" "I feel desserted"
"What do you call an insane crocodile in Mexico?" Locodrilo
"What's the difference between the universe and a German Autobahn (highway)?" "The universe has a speed limit"
"How to make holy water" "You boil the hell out of it"
"My friend needed help with a crossword" "He asked me what is four across and i said postman, how many letters? He asks.

I tell him Thousands"
"Grandpa walks into his grandson watching a football match" "Grandpa: who's playing?

Grandson: Czech and Slovakia

Grandpa: against who?"
"I work as a janitor and still can't believe the stroke of luck I had once, cleaning a blocked toilet." "I'd forgotten my gloves that day, so I had to use my bare hands to scoop out this huge mound of impacted shit and as I was transferring it to the bucket, a loose bit of turd slipped through my fingers onto the floor behind the loo.
The only way I could reach it was to half-lay on the floor with my face pressed up against the wet toilet rim. It was pretty awful, my beard soaking up cold, stale piss and the smell filling my nose, but while I was stretching for this one little piece of shit..

I found two."
"What’s Whitney Houston’s favorite type of coordination?" "HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND EYEEYEEEEEEEEE"
"I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language." "I don’t know why."
"TIFU by trying to teach my father the young, hip way of saying ""OK""" "He just refuses to get with the times! I asked him what's wrong with the way people talk nowadays and he said ""nothing, I'm just not a gambling man."""
"Where do pickles go to buy a car?" "The dillership!"
"Someone removed the fifth month from the calendar" "I was really dismayed"
"Lifting weights changed my life. I dropped 25 pounds..." "Right on my big toe. It’s broken now I can hardly walk"
"Which entrepreneur...." "Which entrepreneur named his company after his dick?

Bill Gates."
"An old lady at the bank asked me to help check her balance" "So I pushed her over"
"What do you give a couch with a migraine?" "An ass print"
"Why shouldn't you have 4 doors on a chicken coupe?" "Because if you did it would be a chicken sedan."
"What happens to a rainbow when it breaks the law?" "It goes through the prism system"
Life "we all have bad or good moments but life goes on, to hit hard"
"Some people like dismembered hands." "It's just not my Thing"
"I'm glad I let my girlfriend move in with me." "If it wasn't for her, I'd have never known that shoes don't fucking go there."
"BMW Recall" "I got a letter from the BMW corporation. They wanted their car back. Apparently I’ve been using the turn signals in the car!!"
"Why did the buffalo farmer go to the pride parade?" "He had a bison."
"What do you call a Japanese person’s favorite alcohol beverage?" “Not-the-sake.”
"I was recently asked who my favorite vampire was." "I told them it was the one from Sesame Street. 

""Pfft, he doesn't count,"" they said to me. 

I replied ""Well that's where you're wrong kiddo"""
"How many architects does it take to change a lightbulb?" "4. One to change it, and the rest to say the method is wrong (heard this on r/polls)"
"What do you call an organized bait and lure holder?" "An E-fish-ent tackle box"
"Did you hear about the expose on the ammunition industry?" "Yeah, it won a Bulletzer prize and everything!"
"Did you hear about the architect who had problems mixing things up?" "He's in a study to test medication for it, but he thinks he got the gazebo."
"Tips to get better at fingering?" "I just started learning to play the piano."
"Did you guys hear about that unexpected volcano eruption?" "It was rather pompeiineous"
"A man running...." "A man running in front of a car gets tired.

A man running behind a car gets exhausted."
idk 
idk [deleted]
"(insert title here)" [deleted]
"The female janitor at my building asked if I would chill and smoke some weed with her" "I said no. I can't deal with high maintenance women"
"Dating a tennis player is horrible..." "Love means nothing to them!"
"Three English men were in a bar and spotted an Irish man. One of the guys said he was going to bug him." "He walked over to the Irish man and tapped him on the shoulder. ""Hey, I hear your St. Patrick was a real tosser.” 

“Oh really, hmm, didn't know that.”

Puzzled, the English man walked back to his buddies. ""I told him St. Patrick was a tosser and he didn't care!"" 

""You just don't know how to set him off. Watch and learn.”

The second English man walked over and tapped the Irish man on the shoulder. ""I hear your St. Patrick was a wanker!"" 

“Oh, wow, I didn't know that, thank you.”

Shocked beyond belief, the English man went back to his buddies. ""You are right, he is unshakable!""

The third English man said: ""No, no, no, I will really bug him, you just watch.”

The English man walked over to the Irish man, tapped him on the shoulder and said: ""I hear your St. Patrick was an Englishman!"" 

“Yeah, that's what your buddies were trying to tell me.”


EDIT: This joke initially was written with the offensive comments stating that St. Patrick was a “sissy” and a “transvestite.” This joke was found online and I thought the overall arc of the joke was funny (thus I shared it). I did not realize how offensive the words above might be to the LGBTQ+ community as some of the comments below indicate.  Therefore, I changed some of the words in the joke and made them more English; thus, making the joke less offensive and more apropos. I apologize to the LGBTQ+ community for my short-sidedness.

EDIT #2: TIL that St. Patrick was actually Welsh. Thank you fellow Redditors for the clarification."
"Why do tue Japanese don't eat bananas" [deleted]
"A blonde is on a 2 seater aeroplane when the pilot suddenly passes out." "Not knowing how to fly the plane she grabs the radio and says: ""Mayday, mayday, my pilot just died!""

Ground control received her call for help and replies: ""Don't worry maam I'll talk you down, just do as I say.”

First I need you to give me your height and position? Blonde: ""I'm 5'2 and sitting on the right front seat!”

(Big pause)

Ground control: Repeat after me: “Our Father, who art in heaven..”"
"Got fired for a simple spelling mistake. I was finishing ringing up a customer, and SAID ""Have a nice day!"" But I accidently spelled it wrong, so he HEARD" [deleted]
"After years of studying the every day vegetable 'the carrot' ,this is what I learned......" "Absolutey nothing, I'm not a carrot."
"They say all the pretty Vegas dancers are really men." "I always questioned whether my Vegas dancing girlfriend really had a penis. Occasionally, there is something inside me that says,  ""Yes!"""
Buttcheeks "At the top of the hour, little Adam asks the grade 3 teacher ""Is 'buttcheeks' one word? ..... Or should I spread them?""

Before the teacher could snort, little Brian chips in: ""I know, I know!  There should always be a colon in the middle! Am I right? ""

The teacher shakes her head: ""Looks like you guys just exposed you're behind on this topic. We should have already covered it from every angle last month.  Anyway, let's wrap it up now; I shall give you all a refresher on the period coming up.""

Little Johnny suddenly pipes up: ""That won't work ma'am, my dad said a period ruins everything."""
"What is gay goku’s superpower?" 
"Why is diarrhea hereditary?" 
"Based on a true story.." 
"why aren't there any movies about swiss cheese?" "because the plot has too many holes"
"My Uncle used to say, to get what you want, you need to be frank with people. If that doesn't work, don't be afraid to get curt with them. If that's still not working, try showing them your dick." "Show them your impression of Dick Nixon, Everybody loves a good impression"
"What battery makes the best dessert?" "Lithi - yums"
"I have an addiction to making references to random Bruce Willis movie titles. People have tried to help me stop but you know what they say. Old habits..." "Pulp Fiction"
"Remember that time I made this post on r/jokes." [deleted]
"A woman leaves her shower" "She is wrapped up in her towel and as she walks past her husband who is going into the shower they hear a knock at the door. 

""You go get that"" her husband says and hops into the shower.

Sighing the woman went to the door still wrapped in her towel. She opens the door expecting the mailman but instead sees her neighbor, Aaron standing there. 

They stare shocked at each other when Aaron says ""I'll pay you 800 dollars to drop that towel""

Thinking for a second the woman drops her towel. Aaron looks for a minute, pays her 800 dollars, and then leaves.

The woman goes back past the bathroom when her husband calls out: ""Hey honey, who was at the door?""

""Oh just Aaron from next door"" she answers

""Great!"" Her husband replied. ""Did he mention the 800 dollars he owes me?"""
"A man walks into a bakery on March 14th" "He orders some pie, the baker thinks its clever and gets him some pie. The next day the man comes back and says the pie was great and orders a different flavor. He does this every day for 350 days. The baker running out of ideas for flavors sees the man come in on Feb 27th.

He says, man look I'm out of ideas. 

Well how about some cake then, asks the man.

Are you sure, no pie?

No sir, today is my cakeday!"
"I just met a girl named Ally" "Glad to know she was on my side."
"It's surprisingly common for men to die during sex." "You never know if they're coming or going."
"Why aren't pregnant women lonely in Japan?" "Because they get to hang out with all the edemames. 


You want OC? That's fresh off the dome"
"Superman is flying around one day (nsfw)" "He sees Wonder Woman laying on the beach butt naked. He thinks to himself ""I'm faster than a speeding bullet, I could fly down there, take care of my business and be gone before she can blink an eye"". 


So he swoops in, does his thing and disappears into the sky. Sensing the commotion, Wonder Woman cries out ""What was that?"". Invisible Man replies "" I don't know, but all of the sudden my ass hurts""."
"Everyone who gets the COVID vaccine has to get two shots, except Eminem." "He only gets one shot."
"A man went to a doctor to get a vasectomy..." "The doctor tells him “this a really big decision you know. Have you discussed it with your family?”

He responds, “yes I have. They’re in favor 13 to 3.”"
"What happens when a Chinese man with an erection runs in to a wall?" 
"Hilarious, subversive memo sent to 20,000 federal employees early in computer mass-messaging age" "This memo was sent out to 20,000 federal employees in my agency in the early  1990s, when federal computer systems first got mass messaging.  The first incarnation of this system allowed *any employee* to mass message. Some low-level employee sent this to all.  Needless to say, the agency immediately moved to an *authorized user function* on this.   The memo pertains to employee discontent with new agency rules to reduce traveling expenses:



**1991 TRAVEL OBJECTIVES**

Do to budget constraints, the following policies are announced regarding employees traveling on official business. Effective immediately.

**Transportation:**   Hitchhiking in lieu of commercial transport is strictly encouraged. Luminescent safety vests will be issued to all employees prior to their departure on business trips. Bus transportation should be used whenever possible.  Airline tickets will be issued only in extreme circumstances, and the lowest fare shall always be used.

**Lodging:**  All employees are encouraged to stay with relatives and friends while on trips. If weather permits, public areas such as parks or parking lots should be used for temporary lodging.  Bridges may provide shelter in periods of inclement weather.

**Meals:**  Expenditures for meals should be limited to the absolute minimum. It should be noted that certain grocery chains often provide free samples of promotional items. Entire meals can be obtained in this manner. Travelers should also be familiar with indigenous roots and berries.  If a restaurant must be utilized, travelers should seek ""all you can eat"" salad bars.  This will especially be useful for employees traveling together, as a single plate can feed a whole group. Employees are also encouraged to bring their own food with them: cans of tuna, spam, and pork and beans can be conveniently consumed at your leisure without the unnecessary bother of heating or costly preparation.

**Entertainment**  Entertainment while and travel is strictly discouraged. When employees visit field offices, the hosting office should ensure that any amenities are cost-effective.  In lieu of extravagant meals, a picnic table will be placed in the parking lot by the dumpster.  A garden hose will be made available for liquid refreshment.

**Miscellaneous**  All employees are encouraged to employ innovative techniques in our team effort to save dollars. One enterprising individual has already suggested that money could be raised during airport layovers.  Proceeds could be used defray the free travel costs.  In support of this idea, red caps will be issued to all employees so that they may earn tips for helping other travelers with their luggage during this period.  Small plastic roses will also be made available to employees so that sales can be made as time permits."
"I just learned i can talk to cats" [deleted]
"“Did you hear about that Hollywood actress who was stabbed?”" "“What was her name again?? Reece something...”

“Witherspoon?”

“No, with a knife!”"
"The other night I ended up getting real drunk and having sex with my fourth cousin. I was so ashamed." "Cuz I remember after the first three I said I was done."
"You ever hear of the Italian chefs who ended up squaring their beef?" "Well, it's all in the pasta now."
"My cannibal friends were pissed off that I was late to their dinner party last week..." "They gave me the cold shoulder"
"What do you call a suicidal James Bond?" "The world is quite enough."
"What is the worst thing Willie Nelson can say to you after you sleep with him?" "I'm not Willy Nelson."
"I think I might be a polygamist." "My wife has multiple personality disorder."
"What do you call a partnership between Cindy and Kate?" Syndicated.
"What do r/LegalAdvice and Pornhub have in common?" ANAL
"The English Soccer Team" "visited a orphanage in Russia. ""It is so sad to see their little sad faces"" said Vladimir 5 years old."
"Where do people from Israel go for higher leaning?" Jewniversity
"What did Black Beard's Otolaryngologist charge for his services?" "A Buccaneer!"
"What did Che Guevara get stuck in his hair?" "Guerrilla glue."
"Most people assume I have Tourette's Syndrome." "But I'm really just an asshole."
"I used to have a job replacing manhole covers." "That was a drain."
"I am holding a seminar for people who struggle to ejaculate." "Let me know if you can't come."
"A priest, a minister, and a rabbi" "want to see who’s best at his job. So they each go into the woods, find a bear, and attempt to convert it. Later they get together. The priest begins: “When I found the bear, I read to him from the Catechism and sprinkled him with holy water. Next week is his First Communion.”
“I found a bear by the stream,” says the minister, “and preached God’s holy word. The bear was so mesmerized that he let me baptize him.”
They both look down at the rabbi, who is lying on a gurney in a body cast. “Looking back,” he says, “maybe I shouldn't have started with the circumcision.”"
"I went to the doctor" "I said I had an erection that wouldn't go away. 

She asked how long it's been like that. 

I said it started just after I entered her office and asked when we could talk about my headache"
"What is the useless skin above the vagina called?" "A woman.






Disclaimer: i bear no ill will towards women, i love them, and i am not a misogynistic person. This is just a joke and a dark one. It is so fucked up that it hopes to get a laugh."
"A friend said to me, “Hey why did the onion cry?”" "I said , "" I don't know."" He said "" Because the onion cut himself."""
"Why did Mozart kill all of his chickens?" "When he asked them who the best composer was, they all replied “Bach Bach Bach”"
"You can never get a straight answer from your gay friend" "Explanation: they are not street so you can’t get a straight answer! (Badum dshhhh)"
"One old man asks another old man, ""what kind of underwear do you wear? boxers, briefs?" "The other old man says ""Depends"""
"Why can’t you trust you’re gay friends answer?" "Because you can never get the straight answer"
"I told my therapist I'm polysexual" "I really want a fuckin cracker"
"What is the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?" "Dubai doesn't like the Flintstones, but Abu Dhabi do!"
"Why did the old man fall in the well?" " Because he couldn’t see that well."
"Two elderly couples have their weekly meet up at a table in their local park." "They take a seat, the ladies chat with one another across the table, as do the gents.

Fred asks Harold ""Are you still going to that memory clinic?""

Harold says ""Yes, it's been helping my memory a lot, I recommend you come along to our next session""

""What do they do there?"" asks Fred.

""They teach us to remember things through word association"" replies Harold.

Fred says ""I might have to give it a try, what's the name of the clinic?""

Harold pauses for a while, trying to remember, 

he says ""Ummm, ahh, hang on... um... what's the name of that beautiful flower, the one that has thorns?""

Fred says ""That'd be a rose, Harold.

Harold turns to his wife and says ""Rose!, what's the name of that clinic I go to?"""
"Why don't you see elephant hiding in trees" "Because they are good at it"
"You have 1 sentence to probe you are not American." "I weight 140 Pounds"
"What do you call a Hawaiian murder mystery?" "A Hula-Dunnit."
"You know what subject was really groundbreaking at Hogwarts?" "Astrology.

Dumbledore’s role as headmaster really launched the course off its feet."
"We know why 6 is afraid of 7 but do you know *why* 7 ate 9?" "Because you need 3 square meals a day!"
"It's not the cold, it's the snow," "But snow leads to ice  
and ice leads to Hoth  
and Hoth leads to rebels  
and rebels lead to The Empire  
and The Empire leads to the dark side."
"If foursome mean four people, threesome means three people" "What does handsome mean"
"My mate once bought a pair of shoes with Artificial Intelligence." "'Smart Shoes' they were called. It was a neat idea. No matter how blind drunk you were, they could always get you home. But he went drinking one night and woke up the next morning in Burma.

Turns out, his shoes got bored going from his local pub to his house. They wanted to see the world, you know. He had a hell of a job getting rid of them. No matter who he sold them to, they'd show up again the next day. He tried to shut them out, but they just kicked the door down.

The last thing I heard, they robbed a car and drove it into a canal. They couldn't steer you see. He was really, really blown away about it. He went to see a priest. The priest said it was alright, the shoes were happy now and they'd get into heaven.

You see, it turns out shoes have soles. 

- Dave Lister"
"For Sake of the Kids" "When a bickering couple say that they are staying together because of the kids, it just means that neither want custody"
"Why was the anti vaxxer’s 3 yer old child crying?" "It was having a midlife crisis"
"A man walks into the doctor's office and tells the receptionist: ""Help! I think I'm invisible!""" "She replies: ""Sorry, the doctor can't see you."""
"How do you give a person from Alabama a circumcision?" "You kick his sister in the jaw"
Literally. "I literally despise people who literally use literally figuratively."
"Rob is a commercial saturation diver for Global Divers in Louisiana. He Performs underwater repairs on offshore drilling rigs." "
Below is an E-mail he sent to his sister. She then sent it to radio Station 103.2 FM in Ft. Wayne, Indiana, who was sponsoring a Worst job experience contest. Needless to say, she won.

Hi Sue, 

Just another note from your bottom-dwelling brother. 

Last week I had a bad day at the office. I know you've been feeling Down lately at work, so I thought I would share my dilemma with you
To make you realize it's not so bad after all . 

Before I can tell you what happened to me, I first must bore you with
A few technicalities of my job. 

As you know, my office lies at the bottom of the sea. I wear a suit 
To the office. It's a wet suit. This time of year the water is quite Cool. So what we do to keep warm is this: We have a diesel powered 
Industrial water heater. This $20,000 piece of equipment sucks the Water out of the sea. It heats it to a delightful temperature.

It then pumps it down to the diver through a garden hose, which is Taped to the air hose. Now this sounds like a darn good plan, and I've  Used it several times with no complaints. 

What I do, when I get to the bottom and start working, is take the hose
And stuff it down the back of my wet suit. This floods my whole suit
With warm water. It's like working in a Jacuzzi. 

Everything was going well until all of a sudden, my butt started to Itch. So, of course, I scratched it. This only made things worse. 
Within a few seconds my butt started to burn. I pulled the hose out from My back, but the damage was done. In agony I realized what had happened.

The hot water machine had sucked up a jellyfish and pumped it into my Suit. Now, since I don't have any hair on my back, the jellyfish couldn't  Stick to it However, the crack of my butt was not as fortunate.

When I scratched what I thought was an itch, I was actually grinding the Jellyfish into the crack of my butt. 

I informed the dive supervisor of my dilemma over the communicator. His Instructions were unclear due to the fact that he, along with five other Divers, were all laughing hysterically. 

Needless to say I aborted the dive. I was instructed to make three agonizing
In-water decompression stops totaling thirty-five minutes before I could Reach the surface to begin my chamber dry decompression. When I arrived At the surface, I was wearing nothing but my brass helmet. 

As I climbed out of the water, the medic, with tears of laughter running down  His face, handed me a tube of cream and told me to rub it on my butt as soon as I got in the chamber. 

The cream put the fire out, but I couldn't poop for two days because my butt was Swollen shut.

So, next time you're having a bad day at work, think about how much worse it 
Would be if you had a jellyfish shoved up your butt. 

Now repeat to yourself, ""I love my job, I love my job, I love my job."" 

Now whenever you have a bad day, ask yourself, is this a jellyfish bad day?"
"Pizza is like sex" " Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good."
"What do senile old folks, and kids on rollercoasters have in common?" WEEEEEEEEEE!
"What do hookers say to the president of Russia after foreplay?" "You can put it in, Mr. Putin."
"My girlfriend broke up with me, so I stole her wheelchair..." "Guess who came crawling back"
"Officer: The Victims were dismembered and sacrificed on an altar made of antlers" "Detective: Dear God!


Officer: Yes, I guess so!"
"What do you call it when knights happen upon a circle jerk in Paris and join in?" "Victims of sir cum France."
"A homeless man called me an idiot, so I told him I was suing for emotional distress." "He told me that I knew he was poor and that I wasn't making any cents."
"Why is the rabbit the strongest animal there is?" "Why is the rabbit the strongest animal there is?

Because it can fly, even with an eagle on its back."
"Hey girl, want a taste of my meat?" "I make the best BBQ in town."
"Poetry Competition" "At the annual national poetry competition, it comes down to the two finalist. A professor of literature from New York City, and an Iowa pig farmer.
The judge lays down the rules. One minute to prepare, four verses, and the key word that must be included in the poem is Timbuktu!

The professor goes first:
Across the burning desert sands
Goes a lonely caravan
Camels gliding two by two
Destination Timbuktu 

Then the pig farmer clears his throat and starts:
Tim and I a-hunting went
Spotted some wenches in a tent 
They were three and we were two 
I bucked one, and Tim Bucked Two!"
"Why do people always get so salty when I kill them in cod?" "Because I always use assault rifle."
"Saitama is on a diet..." "He became One Lunch Man"
"I made a joke about procrastination." "I guess I'll just post it later."
"What's the best thing about a nudist wedding?" "You can always tell who the best man is at a glance."
"What operating system did the ancient Egyptian Pharaohs use?" Ubuntutankhamun
"I put all my copies of Chiropractors Weekly on eBay" "I have loads of back issues."
"Roses are red, reposting is lame," "(This post was removed due to copyright claim)"
"What’s the difference between a drum machine and a drummer?" "You only need to punch instructions into a drum machine once."
"What do you call a dog with no legs?" "Impotent

Because he won't be able to come"
"My boss said to me, “You’re the worst train driver ever. How many have you derailed this year?”" " I said, “I’m not sure; it’s hard to keep track.”"
"A man's car breaks down in Tibet.." "A man's car breaks down in Tibet, and wouldn't you know it?  His phone gets no service.   So he walks up a long windy road to a huge monastery at the top of the hill.   He knocks at the reinforced double doors and a Tibetan monk after some minutes finally opens.  

""My car broke down.   Do you have a phone I could use?"" asks the man, exhausted from his travels up the hill.   

The monk shakes his head and replies, ""We have no need for such things, but if you like, you may spend the night.""  The man, having little choice in the matter, reluctantly agrees and the monk shows him to his small humble room. 

That night he hears angelic chanting the likes he had never heard before.. not quite the music a man might sing, but something far more mysterious. He decided he had to know what that noise was and so the next day, he asks the monk what that chanting was at the peak of night.   The monk smiles knowingly and says, ""That is not for you to know, as you are not a Tibetan monk..""

The man leaves the monastery that morning, but that mysterious angelic sound haunts his dreams and his nightmares.  The dreams and nightmares continue to get worse and worse, waking up in a cold sweat night after night.  A year passes by this way and he decides he must know at any cost. So he returns once more to the huge monastery at the top of the hill and is once again greeted by the same monk. 

""I must know the origins of that haunting angelic chanting!"" he desperately proclaims to which the monk once again patiently turns him down, not being a Tibetan monk.   ""I'll become a monk!  Please! Whatever I have to do, I shall do it!""  The monk nods and says, ""Very well, but know the road is unpaved and full of hardships.""  

The man happily nods with eagerness, and so the monk grows solemn and speaks carefully,  ""You must scowl the deserts of the world using no thing but your body and mind until you find a single grain of sand, perfect in every way so that you may understand perseverance.""

The man begins to protest, and the monk interrupts, ""You want to become a Tibetan monk, do you not?!""  The man says nothing but nods slowly.   ""Very well, I shall continue..""

""You must cross the Yarlung Tsangpo river in the spring after a full winter snowing, with no boat or bridge, only with your body and determination so that you may understand balance."" The man nods slowly in acknowledgement. 

""And finally, you must climb the highest mountain with no climbing gear, only your body and strength so that you may understand constitution.""

The man, steadfast in his mission set out to accomplish these tasks.  Many long years passed and one day, and older and wiser man knocks on the doors of the huge monastery, to be met once again by that same monk.   Before the man can speak, the monk says, ""You need not say anything.   I can see that you searched the deserts of the world for the perfect grain of sand.""  The man replies,  ""I have and now I truly understand perseverance.""

""I can see that you crossed the Yarlung Tsangpo river in the spring after a full winter snowing, with no boat or bridge, only with your body and determination.""  The man once again nods and says ""I have and now I truly understand balance.""

""I can see that you climbee the highest mountain with no climbing gear, only your body and strength.""  Once again the man nods and says, ""I have and now I truly understand constitution.""

The monk smiles wide and says, ""Then you too are now a monk.""  The new monk nods solemnly and then after a moment's thought asks, ""if I am now a monk, may I finally know what that haunting angelic chanting is that I heard?""  The monk nods approvingly and says, ""Of course you may.   Follow me..""  

The monk leads him inside and down a long descending flight of stairs until they reach a large door plated with gold.  The monk pulls out a golden key, and opens it.  Inside is a fantastic library with every book written.   The very pages glow with knowledge.  At the far end of this marvelous library is an even larger door encrusted with rubies.   The monk pulls out a ruby-encrusted key, and pushes the door open.   Inside is a forest with no ceiling in sight, with unicorns and fairies in their natural habitat.   The monk then leads him to a huge door seemingly standing in the middle of the forest encrusted with diamonds.   The chanting from inside can be heard clearly now.   

The monk looks at the man, who is no longer a man, but someone far greater and tells him,  ""Behind this door is the answer you seek.""  The monk pulls out a diamond- encrusted key and unlocks the door.   It takes the strength of both men to crack the door open slightly, and immediately once they do, pure slight beams out from every direction. And do you know what they saw?

Well, I'd tell you, but you're not a Tibetan monk..."
"Gurl with the big booty and the lisp didn’t show up to work today," "...she must have called in thicc"
"What does the chemist call his daughter?" Irene
"Gonna name my son ""Fuck Up""" "And put him into the Army just to call him ""Major Fuck Up"""
"Before ordering takeout, the Indian guy made himself some piping hot tea, but spilled it on himself." "He got chai knees."
"What if all women disappeared?" "That would be a pain in the ass."
"What do you take for a pain in the ass?" Anusthetic.
"I had this new kind of meat the other day. It was Himalayan rabbit." "The only issue is, I found Himalayan on the road."
"Where do Brain Surgeon Students go to study?" "The Hippocampus"
"On hearing that her elderly grandfather has just passed away, Mary goes straight to her grandparents' house to visit her 95-year-old grandmother and comfort her." "When she asks how her grandfather has died, her grandmother replies, ""He had a heart attack while we were making love on Sunday morning."" Horrified, Mary tells her grandmother that two people nearly 100 years old having sex will surely be asking for trouble. ""Oh no, my dear. Many years ago, realizing our advanced age, we figured out the best time to do it was when the church bells would start to ring. It was just the right rhythm. It was nice, slow, and even. Nothing too strenuous, simply in on the ding and out on the dong."" She pauses, wipes away a tear and then continues, ""And if that damned ice cream truck hadn't come along, he'd still be alive today!"""
"One weekend, a husband is in the bathroom shaving when the local kid Bubba he hired to mow his lawn, comes in to pee." "The husband slyly looks over and is shocked at how immensely endowed Bubba is. He can't help himself, and asks Bubba what his secret is. ""Well,"" says Bubba, ""every night before I climb into bed with a girl, I whack my penis on the bedpost three times. It works, and it sure impresses the girls!"" The husband was excited at this easy suggestion and decided to try it that very night. So before climbing into bed with his wife, he took out his penis and whacked it three times on the bedpost. His wife, half-asleep, said, ""Bubba? Is that you?"""
"I can't go to the park anymore" "I kicked a soccer ball at a kid in a wheelchair and said ""Rocket League"""
"How did you quit smoking?" "
I decided to smoke only after sex."
"Did you hear about the Pillsbury Doughboy?" "He died of a yeast infection."
"Rat and elephant..." "A rat decided to swim in the river. After a while, an elephant came and decided to cool off too.

The rat eventually got up, and after looking around for something, he says to the elephant- 

""Hey elephant, mind coming up here for a bit?""

The elephant was confused, but he did as the rat said.

When the elephant got up, the rat took a long look, circling around the elephant.

Finally, he said ""nevermind, dude""

The elephant, more confused now, said ""What  was that all about?""

""Well you see, I left my underwear here, but I can't find it now. So I just decided to make sure..."""
"Why did Adele cross the road?" "To say hello from the other side."
"I don't know why they bother with all that science history stuff in class like ""Nature abhors a vacuum""." "Anyone who's ever had pets knew that already."
"There once was a kitten that had 16 lives..." "And then it got run over by a 4x4."
"It was a sad and disappointing day" "When I discovered my universal remote control did not in fact control the universe. 

Not Even remotely.."
"What happens to the terminator, when he gets a job promotion?" "He becomes a Generator"
"Have you heard that Texas froze over?" "Now we've just got to wait for the flying pigs."
"Dead peoples favorite time of day..." Morning
"Chewing gum" "I was like the chewing gum  boy in my class. everyday i would bring a packet and distribute it. one day my teacher came in the class with test results. He caught my friend eating chewing gum. he made him spit it in the bin. then he called out my name. the bin was in front of my table .so i stood pushed my table forward and spat the chewing gum i was eating. Then i looked at my teacher. he actually was calling me to get my results but i thought he caught me too."
"On the way to a teacher convention the pilot makes an announcement, before taking off I should tell you that the plane has been made by your students" "All the teachers throw themselves out the door as quick as possible except one, the pilot puzzled comes closer and asks him:

- do you trust that much your students?

- Of course, the teacher answers with a peaceful voice, I'm pretty sure the plane won't even start."
"An elderly man visited his doctor and asked if he’ll live to be a hundred." "“Do you smoke or drink?” asks the doctor.

“Those things have never and will never touch my lips,” says the man.

“Do you gamble, drive fast cars, and fool around with women?”

“Nope, don’t believe in doing any of that, either.”

“Well then,” says the doctor, “what do you want to live to be a hundred for?”"
"Why are Nazis banned from entering any planes?" "Because they like to destroy the left wing."
"People always ask “Weren’t there supposed to be flying cars by now?”" "Have you ever seen people pushing 80 mph when it was a 50 mph speed limit? Cars fly all the time."
"The Russians were hungry" SoVeeAte
"Did you know that Danish boats are given barcodes when they leave ports?" "So when they come back, they can Scan-di-navy-in"
"At the rehab hospital where I work we have a bell that people ring when they “graduate”, when people pull the rope off (which happens a lot when you have somewhat limited muscle control), I tell them they won an award.." "The no-bell prize."
"I didn't want to die alone..." "... Which is why I'm training as an airline pilot."
"""my wife boyfriend"" joke on r/wallstreetbets/ is a" "retard joke."
"Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms" "It sounds more like the concept for an awesome store rather than a government agency."
"What do you call a black haired girl friend" "A bronette."
"Boss: You're fired. Me: *turns in my gun and my badge *" "Boss: You're a waiter where did you get those"
"A guy and a girl fell in love" "A guy in a girl fell in love they went on dates and decided to bang each other the guy said ""spread your legs."" and the girl said ""do it yourself I'm handicapped."""
"Apple Store" "Why is it forbidden to fart in an Apple Store?

Because they don't have Windows!"
"What’s a Karen called in Europe?" "An American."
"What did the leper say to the prostitute?" "Keep the tip"
"Cheap sex" "\*Cheap Sex\*

A couple, both age 77, went to a sex therapist's office. 

The doctor asked, ""What can I do for you?""

The man said, ""Will you watch us have sex?""

The doctor looked puzzled, but agreed.

When the couple finished, the doctor said, ""There's nothing wrong with the way you have sex,"" and charged them $50.

This happened several weeks in a row. 

The couple would make an appointment, have sex with no problems, pay the doctor, then leave.

Finally, the doctor asked, ""Just exactly what are you trying to find out?""

""We're not trying to find out anything,"" the man replied.

""She's married and we can't go to her house. 

I'm married and we can't go to my house. 

The Holiday Inn charges $90. 

The Hilton charges $108. 

We do it here for $50...and I get $43 back from Medicare."""
"I bought Bonnie Tyler's car recently on ebay, but it's rubbish..." "Every now and then it falls apart"
"Two robots fall in love" "Two robots fall in love they went on dates and they got a bit frisky so the male put on his nuts and bolt and they went at it he put it in and the girl robot said ""no input detected"""
"A man is hitchhiking on a lonely road." "After a good while an old beat up truck stops and picks him up and after a couple of minutes of small talk the driver ask the man if he wants some booze. Sure he says and gets handed a bottle. When he tries to drink it the smell of bad moonshine overwhelms him and he declined the drink. The old man driving just steps on the breaks and pulls a shotgun and screams "" now you drink or I blow your head of"" the guy does what he's told and takes a sterdy sip. After the old man goes: ""Good, now you aim at me so I can have drink too"""
"Two men walk in a bar" "So two men walk in a bar, one orders a shot of tequila and the other one orders a flaming shot, the second guy says ""hey I bet I can drink this shot without putting it out"" the first guy says go ahead try it, so the second guy tries to drink it but the barkeeper stops him but the drink falls on the girls pants and they burned off, and then everyone stared at her ass except for one guy she walks to him and thanks him for not staring at her ass the man says ""tbh ma'am I was staring at your tits."""
"I like my reddit posts the same way I like my girlfriends bra" \[removed\]
"What’s the best thing about Oasis soup?" "You get a roll with it."
"What do you call a bird that doesn't eat." "A polynomial"
"Which robot gives the best blow jobs?" R2-DEEP-THROAT
"My friend's moustache grows in a weird way." "It's symmetrical, but nothing grows around his philtrum. Doesn't irk him though.

The other day he and I were in a group, chatting amongst ourselves when someone in the group looked my friend in the eye and said:

""If you and Hitler kissed, your moustaches wouldn't be touching."""
"A little girl and a man walk through a dark forrest." "The little girl says; “this forrest is scary.”
The man replies; “scary?! I’m the one that has to walk back all alone!”"
"What is the difference between jews and boyscouts?" "The boyscouts usually return from their camp."
"My sex are like my tissues" Soft
"Did you hear about the magician driving down a street?" "Het turned into a driveway."
"Free man" "A woman goes to prison to visit her husband who has just been sentenced to 40 years in jail. 

As soon as she enters the visiting room, she hugs him and exclaims with tears in her eyes:  - ""Oh! Roger, 40 years, Roger.?"" 

And the husband replies: 
""Well, my love, what are you going to do?"" 

 ""Oh, Roger ...! I spoke to the judge handling your case,"" 

""And what did he say, my love?"" 

 ""He told me that for every time I make love with him, he will reduce your prison sentence by one year ..."" 

 ""What !!! What a miserable bastard and what did you say to that son of a bitch? ""

"" Oh, Roger! We'll talk about it at home, pick up your stuff, let's go… !!! """
"If an earthquake hits California," "...it will be San Andreas’ fault."
"After my german friend won the lottery, he became an asshole." "Money changed Hans."
"Some bad ideas should've been nixed at the concept stage." "Like private prisons, the war on terror, and Space Jam 2 starring LeBron James."
"What's a Physicist's Favorite Rifle?" "A BOSON-Nagant"
"What does a 30 year old look like?" "20 or 50."
"Girl you must be a Mennonite." "Because we’ve never met but Amish you."
"Happiness is in smol things." "*Happiness is also smol tho.*"
"I was born prematurely." "That's the only thing I do prematurely."
"I cracked a joke on black people" "They called it dark humour."
"Use Google and search this..." "Name of space movie made in 1992.

I thought it was Apollo 13..."
"An American goes into an Opticians for an eye test." "Optician holds up the card with X Æ A-12 and asks him can he read that?  The American says “Read it? I know the cunt”."
"What kind of tea do conservatives hate the most?" "The Pu'er"
"What’s the difference between an enzyme and a hormone?" "I can’t make an enzyme, but I can make a whoremoan"
"Being a gay in India." "Everytime I open up about my sexuality to others they pretend to understand . But after a few days all they ask is,"" are you still gay or have you been cured"""
"Jimmy had a foul mouthed talking parrot as a pet." "Whenever the parrot would see the woman who lived next door, the parrot would scream,""Fucking ho', fucking ho'.""

One day, the woman came to Jimmy's house and complained to Jimmy about the parrot and asked him to mind his parrot.

Jimmy drowned the parrot in cold water till it came to senses. Jimmy threatened that if the parrot calls the woman a whore again, he would drown the parrot again.

The next day, Jimmy happily told the woman that he had taught the parrot a lesson and it would never call her names.

Wanting to make sure, the woman went and talked to the parrot.

""If I exit my house with a guy, what would say?""

The parrot replied ""I'll say that you are with your boyfriend.""

The woman wanting to test the parrot more asked again,""What if I came out of my house with two guys?""

The parrot answered,""I'll say that's your boyfriend and brother.""

The woman continued,""What if I came out with three guys?""

The parrot shouted,""Hey Jimmy, bring that cold water, this bitch is a fuckin ho'!"""
"As a guy, menopause is confusing to me..." "...ladies have a period, which is described in Urban Dictionary as “the feeling of a samurai sword cutting into lower abdomen and twisting around into lower spine, constipation and stones smashing brain”.  This sounds rather unpleasant.

So you would think that this monthly pain going away during your late 40s/early 50s would be a very happy time, especially if you already have had children?  Wrong, the hormones kick in stronger than ever..."
"As a guy, menopause is confusing to me..." "...ladies have a period, which is described in Urban Dictionary as “the feeling of a samurai sword cutting into lower abdomen and twisting around into lower spine, constipation and stones smashing brain”.  This sounds rather unpleasant.

So you would think that this monthly pain going away during your late 40s/early 50s would be a very happy time, especially if you already have had children?  Wrong, the hormones kick in stronger than ever..."
"What did the critic say after the clock was invented" "It's about time he did"
"What did the guy say when he saw his friend get bit by a dog?" W(oof)
"Ted Cruz almost made America great again...." "...but then the fucker came back"
"I told a woman I’d take her complaints" "She told me her husband plays hos gameboy too much

I told her she should cheat on him

she told me that’s not a solution

I told her that’s not a complaint"
"Why did the lizard's wife leave him?" "He had a-reptile dysfunction."
"Nothing beats a girl with a great singing voice" "Except Chris Brown"
"I saw a dude with his dick in a bowl of almonds" "It was fucking nuts"
"What do you get when you rearrange the letters in mail truck?" "You get a ""Re-Post""!"
"What’s blue and smells like red paint?" "Blue paint. 

I know it’s not mine. Not sure if it’s been posted before."
"The seven dwarfs have been advised that they can only meet in groups of 6..." "One of them isn’t Happy!"
"I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic." "He said, ""Sure, knock yourself out!"""
"I told my boss..." "“Sorry I’m late. I was having computer issues.” 

""Hard drive?"" he asked. 

""No, the commute was fine. It’s my laptop."""
"What's the difference between cat shit and human shit?" "That's not cat shit running down my leg right now"
"As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden" "
*The plot thickens.*"
"I've been trying to become carcinogenic" "But I'm doing asbestos I can."
"If you...." "If you eat fondue and you can talk to animals you're Dr. Fonduelittle lmaooooo... I fucking made that up im dying"
"What did one shepherd say to another shepherd on a cold winter’s night?" "I’m freezing! Let’s get the flock out of here!"
"What do you call people racist against Lepers?" "Lack-toes intolerant"
"What do Donald Trump and Joe Biden have in common?" "Neither of them are on Twitter"
"So, I bought these ceiling mounted speakers..." "When I glanced over the instruction manual it read: “Screwing up is Mandatory”"
"What’s the difference between a landlord and a mugger?" "A mugger isn't considered a good business person when they say ""Give me your money and I'll let you live."""
"Why was the elephant arrested?" "It forgot it's swim trunks."
"Did you guys play fortnite today?" "Cus i didn't."
"I almost slept in the bottom of the ocean" "My brother said that he heard me snore-keling"
"Have you heard about Stephen King's famous book?" "No. I haven't heard of It."
"Someone stole my Microsoft Office and they are gonna pay" "You have my Word."
"What's the difference between a conversation and a vagina?" "Nothing, I can slide in and out of both of them"
"Did you hear about the two guys who stole a calendar?" "They got 6 months each"
"What's your favourite button on a computer keyboard?" WINKEY
"Simon Lizotte once threw a vinyl disc straight into a brick wall at 90 mph" "Sounds like a broken record"
"Oedipus wants to learn of his fate." "He travels to Thebes to consult the blind prophet Tiresias and asks him, ""What does my future hold?""

Tiresias thinks quietly for a time and answers, ""First you'll murder your father.""

Oedipus is shocked to hear that he'll become a killer, but there must be more to his fate. 

He asks, ""What happens next?""

""Then you'll take his throne.""

Oedipus is pleased to hear that he'll become king, but there must be more to his fate.

""And what happens next?""

""Then you'll sleep with Joe.""

Oedipus is confused.

""Who's Joe?"""
"What do millennial eskimos do Friday night with girls they like?" "Net fish and chill."
"Q. What’s the definition of ignorance and apathy?" "A. I don’t know and I don’t give a shit!"
"I hate religion and I hate all christians!!!except for one" "That being Christian Slater I love that guy"
"What's the difference between a guy in a tux on a unicycle, and a guy in a tshirt on a bicycle?" Attire.
"Hear about the fire at the dried fruits factory?" "It was an apricotastrophe."
"My girlfriend broke up with me, so I stole her wheelchair." "Guess who came crawling back?"
"What did the pirate say to the captain when the captain said “Aarrgghh where be my buccaneers?”?" "“They’re on your buccanhead cap’n!”"
Nfl "The joke is the super bowl it’s was obviously rigged"
"Congratulations to Jason Pierre Paul" "He's won a Super Bowl ring for every finger."
"Why do people even bother watching the super bowl?" "Tom Brady always wins..."
"I think you can marry whoever you want of legal age..." "...but why can’t I have two wives?"
"The Chiefs won the Super Bowl!" "Last year."
"Why do black people have black history month?" "Because white people already have father's day."
"I wonder why Microsoft has opened an office inside my computer." "These predatory businesses are getting out of hand."
"Midget DJs have it so easy" "They can all buy smaller records to spin because their songs are all so much shorter."
"Last week Elon Musk surpassed Jeff Bezos as richest man in the world." "This week, Tom Brady's referees surpass Elon Musk as the richest men in the world"
"A friend asked me how my new job at the pharmacy was going..." "I told him ""it's okay, the pay is crap but the percs are great!"""
"A guy awaits his Urinologist test result. ""You need to stop masturbating...""" """You need to stop masturbating"" says the Doctor.  

""Why, is there something wrong?"" says the man in a quivering voice.

""No, it's just really distracting while I'm trying to read these test results."""
"What do you call a Stegosaurus who sprains its ankle?" "A kinda sore dinosaur"
"A couple of outdoorsmen were on a lake in their kayak when they started getting cold. But when they lit a fire in their craft it immediately began to sink, proving once and for all that..." "...you can’t have your kayak and heat it too."
"My dad says we shouldn't reward people with trophies for participation, because it's like a reward for losing." "So I took his Vietnam Veteran hat"
"Want numbers to start going down?" "Stop getting tested."
"Why did the circumcision doctor quit when he hadn’t gotten his paycheck yet?" "He already had all the tips he needed."
"Retirement Home Donation" "A door-to-door salesman stops at one house and knocks on the door. A man opens the door. The salesman says, ""Hello sir, today we're going door-to-door looking for those who might be interested in making a donation to the retirement home."" 

""Sure, that sounds great!"" exclaims the man. ""Grandma, grab your coat!"""
"A bar walks into a gay man" "That's it."
"I’m sick and tired of all these people farming karma on their cake day." "Anyways, an upvote would be appreciated."
"That’s Intelligence" "Two men were digging a ditch on a very hot day. One said to the other, ''Why are we down in this hole digging a ditch when our boss is standing up there in the shade of a tree?'' 

''I don't know,'' responded the other. 

''I'll ask him. ''So he climbed out of the hole and went to his boss. ''Why are we digging in the hot sun and you're standing in the shade?'' 

''Intelligence,'' the boss said. 

“What do you mean, 'intelligence'?'' 

The boss said, ''Well, I'll show you. I'll put my hand on this tree and I want you to hit it with your fist as hard as you can.'' 

The ditch digger took a mighty swing and tried to hit the boss' hand. The boss removed his hand and the ditch digger hit the tree. The boss said, ''That's intelligence!'' 

The ditch digger went back to his hole. His friend asked, ''What did he say?'' 

''He said we are down here because of intelligence.'' 

''What's intelligence?'' said the friend. 

The ditch digger put his hand on his face and said, ''Take your shovel and hit my hand.''"
"How many developers/mods does it take to change a lightbulb?" "They actually prefer dark mode"
"What do you call Captain Marvel when she burns down a building?" "Brie Larsonist"
"A guy takes his car in to the mechanic after it mysteriously stops working" "The mechanic opens up the hood, to find a small fruit bat hanging upside-down in the engine bay. The bat looks up at the mechanic and says ""you look nice today mate!"", Immediately the mechanic straightens up and says to the car owner ""well, that's your problem right there!

Bat flattery"""
"Who won the superbowl?" "Tune in after the weekend to find out"
"There are some things you can’t say with a straight face." "...Like “I am having a stroke”"
"Why can’t diggers drink alcohol" "Because they are minors"
"Just been in the chip shop and a bloke in front of me asked for chips and a liverpool sausage" " ... the fryer said “ what’s a Liverpool “ sausage ?

“Well battered “ said the bloke

And the whole country laughed."
"What is the Weeknd’s real name?" "Friday Saturday Sunday"
"Whats the best thing about suicidal jokes?" "Your the only one that gets it."
"Tom Brady having to play with normal calls from the refs in a super bowl." "This doesn’t happen that’s the joke, he’s the luckiest person who’s ever played sports, ever."
"Where did little Timmy go after getting lost in the minefield?" Everywhere.
"Why was the duck a successful negotiator?" "He knew how to reed the room"
"Why has it taken so long for there to be a woman referee in the NFL?" "Because they call penalties on the guys for stuff they did 3 years ago."
"So far all the people i've dated are librarians" "It's and a-quiet taste"
"Which monks bet on the races with cups of tea?" "Tibetan monks"
"Avoid having kinky sex with dwarf sword fighters..." "The more you have sex with them, the more chance they have of getting a little rapier."
"Ever been at a bar and decided to try something new? Well I decided to buy an alcoholic ginger beer!" "He was happy for the free drink!"
Snowblower? "Does a snow man get really excited or really worried when someone says snowblower? Sorry if it’s a repost"
"I'm teaching my white blood cells math and my red blood cells computer science" "Once they become STEM cells I am hoping to regrow a finger."
"What do violence and vaccines have in common?" "In England you get jabbed, but in America you get shot."
"What does a witch doctor do to relieve himself in the bathroom?" "A voodoo doo doo!"
"Did you hear one of the mates from Beast in Black was tricked into walking into a freezer with eyes covered for 15 Minutes?" "He temporarily was Blind and Frozen."
"Jack woke up with a huge hangover after attending his company's Christmas party. He didn't even remember how he got home from the party. As bad as he was feeling, he wondered if he did something wrong." "Jack had to force himself to open his eyes, and the first thing he saw was a couple of aspirins next to a glass of water on the side table. And, next to them, a single red rose! Jack sat up and saw his clothing in front of him, all clean and pressed. He looked around the room and saw that it was in perfect order, spotlessly clean. So was the rest of the house.

He took the aspirins, and cringed when he saw a huge black eye staring back at him in the bathroom mirror. Then he noticed a note hanging on the corner of the mirror written in red with little hearts on it and a kiss mark from his wife in lipstick: ""Honey, breakfast is on the stove. I left early to get groceries to make you your favourite dinner tonight. I love you, darling!"" He stumbled to the kitchen and sure enough, there was hot breakfast, steaming hot coffee and the morning newspaper. His son was also at the table, eating. Jack asked, ""Son, what happened last night?"" ""Well, you came home after 3 A.M, drunk and out of your mind. You fell over the coffee table and broke it, and then you puked in the hallway, and got that black eye when you ran into the door."" Confused, he asked his son, ""So, why is everything in such perfect order and so clean? I have a rose, and breakfast is on the table waiting for me??""

His son replied, ""Oh THAT! Mum dragged you to the bathroom to clean you up, and when she tried to take your pants off, you screamed, 'Leave me alone bitch, I'm married!'"""
"How do you hide something from an Asian?" "Put it on top of the fridge"
"As a practical joke I arranged a bucket of liquid nitrogen so that it fell on our chemistry teacher when he opened the door." "He must have found it funny.  He completely cracked up!"
"A man has been shot with a starting pistol." "Police are pretty sure it's race related."
"An escalator can never break." "It can only become stairs."
"Did anyone recognize the woman who sang America the Beautiful at the Super Bowl?" "I don’t know H.E.R"
"Don't talk to me until I've had my coffee" "I don't drink coffee. Please don't talk to me."
"What do you do when your kitten poops?" "Catch it."
"My doctor asked if I was currently seeing anyone" [deleted]
"Oh, Little Johnny" "Little Johnny's teacher began the school year by announcing a new contest.  Every Friday, 30 minutes before the final bell, she would ask the class a question.  The first student to answer it right could leave early, and the rest of the class would take a quiz.

The first Friday, the teacher asked ""What is the average rainfall on the Amalfi Coast?""  Little Johnny grumbled, ""How the hell am I supposed to know that?""

The next Friday she asked ""How many kilometers from the Earth to the Moon?""  Little Johnny was livid.  ""Doesn't she know we use MILES in the US?""

After a month of this, he had enough.  Little Johnny took two tennis balls and spray painted them black.  Right when the teacher stood up to write her question on the chalkboard, he whipped them from the back of the classroom at the chalkboard, giving the teacher a terrible fright.  Because her back was turned, the teacher had no idea who threw them.

""Alright, who's the comedian with the two black balls?""

Little Johnny jumped up ""Dave Chappell, see you next week"".

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

\*Thank you and goodnight, make sure to try the veal.\*"
"How many men does it take to defend Paris?" "No one knows, it's never been tried."
"All odd numbers are primes" [deleted]
"If Danny DeVito loses a fight…" [deleted]
"If Danny DeVito loses a fight…" [deleted]
"I just bought a new electric car from Dodge, but I have to go back to the dealership." "They forgot to give me my Charger charger."
"Why did Anakin Skywalker cross the road?" [deleted]
"My brother, my sister, and myself pooled our money together" "We treated our dad with this fish therapy where little fish nibble on the dead skin until it is gone.

It was money well spent, because it was much cheaper than a regular funeral."
"How to still help they elderly during Covid-19" "When you see them near a busy intersection with a slight panicked look upon their wrinkled faces, make eye contact and let them know that you are there for them. Remaining socially distant shout encouraging words like, ""Almost there!"" and ""You can do it!"""
"Why is the Loch Ness Monster subscribed to r/gonewild?" "For the free-tiddy."
"What a shit zoo this is" [deleted]
"What is the name of Daniel Craig's last movie?" "Probably, ""Bond Voyage."""
"What is the name of Daniel Craig's last movie?" [deleted]
"Two kids are in a hospital each lying on a stretcher next to each other outside the operating room. The first kid leans over and asks, ""what are you in here for?""" [deleted]
"What's the most common operation in a LEGO hospital?" "Plastic surgery."
"I met a man in the park with a wooden leg named Smith." "I asked him what his other leg was called."
"A good psychological trick to find out if someone like you or not is by watching the direction of their feet when they're near you," 
"When I was a youngster I was always a keen skateboarder. I told my own son about those times and he wasn't interested, until I got him his own board" [deleted]
"Yo mama so fat, when she died, she broke the stairway to heaven." "And she cracked the highway to hell."
"How many lab rats does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" "More than 500, but we've exhausted our funding."
"Where does Luke Skywalker like to vacation?" "The HimaLeah"
"When i was a kid my family were so poor i couldn't afford a goldfish as a pet," [deleted]
"It's 1845 and a man travels to Montana with his wife and son to settle. (LONG)" "It's 1845 and Jacob travels to Montana with his wife and son to settle. After hard work, he has a log cabin built and pulls a brass bell from a steamer trunk they brought with them. 

His wife, Sara, is bemused, asking what the bell is for. As the man proceeds to hang it from the eaves just in front of the front door, to one side, he answers her, replying, ""It's our door bell."" The family dog, DeeTee runs around and tries to get Caleb, the ten year old son, to play. 

Jacob continues, ""But it's more than a door bell. If you use the fire poker to hit it, it can be heard for a mile or more."" He demonstrates and it is so loud  Sara and Caleb have to hold their ears. ""If you have an emergency, and I am out hunting or felling timber, ring it like that and I will hop on my horse and come as fast as I can."" he adds. Sarah is super pleased and that night, a new child is conceived. 

Just a week later, Jacob is hunting small game when he hears the bell. He hops on his trusty horse and gallops home. When he enters the cabin, he sees Sarah cooking and Caleb playing with DeeTee. ""What's the emergency, Sarah?"" he asks breathlessly. She wipes her hands on her apron and casually answers, ""Oh, nothing now. Caleb had a big splinter and I was having trouble with it. I figured we could use your help. But right after I rang the bell, he got it out. Sorry to bother you."" Jacob was still catcjing his breath as he kissed her and restated the important detail that the bell was for emergencies only. She apologized and all was well. 

Four months later, while fishing, Jacob heard the bell. He figured he made it clear it was for emergencies only, so this must surely be something horrible. Once again, he hurried home. This time, Caleb had skinned his knee, drawing blood, but it wasn't anything their medical supplies couldn't handle. This time, he just said, ""Emergencies!"" and returned to his fishing.

When Sarah was a month from her due date, Jacob was stalking a deer, wanting to have plenty of venison jerky on hand after the baby was born and he would be trying to spend more time at home. This time when the bell rang, he wasn't sure whether to rush home or not. Watching the deer bound away startled, he mounted the horse and hurried home, but not with the intensity he had garnered before. 

As he came over the ridge, he could see his cabin in flames. As he rushed toward it, he saw his family dead in front of the cabin. DeeTee had an arrow through him. Caleb laid nearby, lifeless. On the porch, he saw Sarah directly under the bell in a pool of blood, scalped. 

Jacob took a deep breath and said, ""Well... thats more like it."""
"What does a nosy pepper do?" [deleted]
"It’s diarrhoea awareness week! Runs till Friday." 
"What do you call a train station for cofee..." "An expresso!"
"This was stolen from Facebook and shared all over the internet" [deleted]
"Why couldn't Pinocchio's nose ever grow to be 12 inches long?" "Because then it would be a foot"
"I never forget a pair of boobs ..." 
"I was trying to find the actor who played Rosanne’s husband on the show" "But a Goodman is hard to find"
"I’m doing a study with hospitalized children to see if laughter really is the best medicine. So I came to Reddit, because I just knew there would be people here who could tell the children some jokes ..." "... that could serve as a placebo for the control group"
Re [deleted]
"My grandma always told me « anything you do, should be done one leg after another »," "she never wanted to admit she just suck at hopscotch."
"Joke a 70 year old Jewish doctor told, my first year in med school: What’s the medical term for your butt crack?" "Ass fault."
"Buster the farting dog..." "A guy was at his girlfriend’s parents’ house, meeting them for the first time. He was understandably nervous, especially because he was trying desperately to hold in his gas. 

At one point, shifting in his seat, he accidentally let one slip and it reverberated quite loudly on the leather chair. Embarrassed beyond belief, he wasn’t sure what to say, when his girlfriend’s dad looked over and said “Buster!!”

Confused, he looked down &amp; saw the family dog sitting next to him, wagging his tail. He realized the man must have thought it was the dog and chuckled a bit to himself. He even figured he might be able to get away with another so he squeezed one out. 

Sure enough, “C’mon Buster!!” was the response. So now he figures he can fart s as lord as he wants and they’ll all just assume it was the dog, so he unleashes all this gas he’s been holding in with a thundering “BWAAAAAAAAAP!”

His girlfriend’s father looks back at the dog one last time and yells, “BUSTER! Get away from that guy before he craps all over you!”"
"Why was 67 disappointed with 68?" "Before it comes even before they get to 69"
"Bacon and Eggs" "Bacon and Eggs walk into a bar.  Bartender says ""We don't serve breakfast here""."
"A guy goes to Hell and is really upset about it" "A demon tries to cheer him up. The demon says hell isn't so bad, do you like alcohol? The guy says yes and the demon says oh your gonna love Mondays, it's open bar day, top shelf, imported beer, drink until your liver fails and it doesn't matter because guess what... You're in hell.

The guy seems interested but still upset, the demon says hey do you like gambling? The guy says yes and the demon says you'll love Tuesdays it's casino night, blackjack, roulette, poker, we have it all, bet it all, and lose it all because it doesn't matter because you're in hell!.

The guy nods and starts to cheer up, the demon says hey do you like drugs? Wednesdays we fly in the best cocaine and purest heroin, destroy your body and it doesn't matter because you're in hell.

The guy is visibly happy now, the demon asks do you like gay sex? What!? The man replies, do you like getting fucked in the ass by massive cocks two three four at a time? No! The man replies. The demon says oh, well Thursdays aren't your day"
"I became enlightened when I got a larger television." "I finally saw the bigger picture."
"This big ol' grizzly bear walks up to the bar and orders s drink." "The bartender says ""We don't serve wild animals.""

Furious at this, the bear loses his cool, starts roaring and raging, knocking people and tables over. In his fury, he picks up an old woman and eats her down in one bite. Crunch.

Now, a bit sedated, he returns to the bar and says ""Come on, man. I could use a beer to wash that down.""

Shaking his head, the barman says ""No wild animals and no drug addicts ""

Confused, the bear says ""Drug addicts? What drugs?""

The bartender shrugs. ""What about that bar-bitch-you-ate?"""
"""Mommy, the toilet's talking again!""" """Shut up and find the clamps to keep dad's mouth open!"""
"My girlfriend said to stop gaslighting her" "I said noooo honey, it’s gaslamping."
"Why are Zebra's the oldest creature on Earth ?" "Because they're black and white"
"What’s the difference between three dicks and a joke?" "Your mom can’t take a joke"
"If spiders went to college what would be their favorite class?" "Web design"
"There was a man staying the night in a hotel." "He called the front desk and said, ""Excuse me, sir, I've got a leak in my sink."" 

The man at the front desk replied, ""Oh, okay, go ahead, but most guests just use the toilet."""
"My neighbor is a 90 year old with Alzheimer's, I see him every morning and he asks me if I've seen his wife. Every day I have to tell this poor man that his wife died 20 years ago. I could have moved to another house or even ignore his question." "But the look of joy in his eyes whenever I answer him is worth the world."
"I had the rudest, slowest, and nastiest cashier today..." "That’s the last time I use the self checkout lane!"
"John kissed his wife good night and fell asleep" "When he woke up, he saw a strange guy standing at the end of the bed, dressed into a white robe:
-Who are you? What are you doing here?
-I'm god.
-Am I dead? Can't be! I still have so much to do! I haven't even said goodbye to my family! You have to send me back!
-You have two options either go on into the afterlife or reincarnate into a chicken.
John was devastated, but knowing there is a farm not far from his house, asked to be sent as a chicken.

~light flash~ ~poof~

Woke up covered in feathers eating from the ground.

Rooster saw her and went to talk:
-So... You are the new chick? How's your first day?
-Not that bad, but I have a strange feeling, seems like I'm about to explode.
-Ovulating, don't tell me you have never made an egg?
-Never!
-Eh... Just relax and let it happen.

Couple of seconds go by, one egg comes out. A strange feeling of relaxation surrounds him. When he did the second egg, realized that he was going to be a mother and knew that the reincarnation was the best thing that ever happened to him. Full of joy he continued and exactly when the third egg was coming out, he felt a powerful kick in his back and heard his wife screaming:
-JOHN!!! Wake up, you are shitting the bed!"
"They say that this house is haunted." "That's funny; I've lived here for 245 years, and I haven't noticed anything strange."
"For the bridge enthusiasts out there: I think my ex must have been a bottom supported bridge with a track running down the middle." "Cantilever alone without someone running a train on her. 

Work in progress, needs fine tuning."
"An American man is visiting Sydney Australia. Going around seeing all the sites." "Suddenly he is struck by a car, injuring him, and putting him into a coma for 24 hours. He wakes up in the hospital, dazed and disoriented, he just sees the all white room. He hears a voice, and asks the nurse, ""Did I come here to die?"" 
She turns and flatly responds, ""Nah mate, you came here yesterday!"""
"When a depressed emo picks a Knife" "How many do you think don't make the cut?"
"Are you the real joke?" "Cause you're in my comments.."
"What Is A Soldier's Favorite Tea?" Camomile
"Why did the tiny fruit farmer move to Minnesota?" "He was Mini-apple-less!"
"I use to be addicted to the hoke poky..." "But then I turned myself around"
"Why did the audience get mad after the show of the five fingers?" "The middle finger forgot to bow."
"The Egyptian guy didnt accept, that he murdered the man found dead in the river" "He was in de-Nile."
"It’s been a really long time since I had sex" "I put a semen sample under a microscope and my little guys looked like frogs."
"Girl are you gorilla glue?" "Cause I can’t get you outta my head"
"How do you talk to elected officials?" "Like you're about to fire them."
"What do you call it when God smokes weed?" "High and mighty"
"Two Gals were sitting at the corner talking ..." "One saw her boyfriend coming up the street with a bunch of flowers. 
""Oh great"" she said. "" Now I'll have to lay on my back with my legs spread all weekend.""
Her friend replied ""Why ? Don't you have a vase ?"""
"Typical! No one has turned up at Camouflage Club" " Again!"
"A man was driving a car to drop her daughter somewhere." "On the way, A robber stopped them at gunpoint, he took everything from them, which included money and their car.

Few moments after the terrible incident, the man asked her daughter whether she was alright.

She looked quite stunned and definitely needed some nice paternal words of affections to calm her nerves.

They started walking their way as it was the only option and on the way, Father asked his daughter, 

""Hey, did you happen to be wearing the ring your grandmother had given you on your sixteen birthday? did the robber take that as well?

""No"", said the daughter, "" I managed to save that""

""How?"", asked the father, surprised.

""Well, it's embarrassing but when the robber stopped us at gunpoint, I managed to hide that in my vagina""

Father was shocked and he only said this, "" wish your mother was with us, we could have saved the car as well."""
"Which singer spices up your food?" "Kanye pepper"
"I want to offer Cold Air Balloon rides" "for people afraid of heights."
"What do you call a depressed dam in Iraq" "A Saddam"
"Valentines day word" "Q. Whats the most used word on Valentines day?

A. No"
"My local off-licence has started hosting a book club." "  First up is Tequila Mockingbird."
"I’m really concerned about my grandfather." "His pill addiction is really getting out of control. 

My grandmother is taking really hard. 

I just wish he would kick his viagra habit."
"What do you call a guy from Alabama who only sleeps with his cousin?" Loyal
"The priest from my hometown church just got ordered 20 years in prison for his massive child porn collection" "He was hoping for under 18"
"Saw a kid crying so I asked him where his parents were" "God I love working at an orphanage"
"my daughter loves jogging and grammer but hates camping" "she's always running past tents"
"A Germam, A Canadian and A Chinese were discussion how free their country is." "

A German, a Canadian and a Chinese are bluffing on how democratic their country is.
The German: I can, on every social media available, say how bullshit is Merkel running for mighty country.
The Canadian: man, that's nothing. I can just walk into Trudeau office and tell him in his face that how bullshit he is running the country
The Chinese: that's nothing man. I, in the democratic pioneer of China enjoy true freedom.
I can, on every social media, criticize the way Merkel runs the country while go to Trudeau's office and tell him he run Canada like shit.

Just when the German and the Canadian were awed by the shear confidence of the Chinese, a friend of the Chinese, who is also a Chinese reminded

""The social media available I our country probably won't reach Merkel, not to mention a trip to Ottawa."""
"Chef: ""How about you get to work on making the octopus balls (Takoyaki).""" "Me: ""Sounds good, let's get Kraken"""
"""Doctor, my wife is secretly a movie theater!""" """I think you're just projecting."""
"A Scotsman was competing in the highland games..." "Carothers had a few pints after the caber toss and wanted to take a nap before all the dancing started.  So he headed out to the woods and found a nice meadow to take a wee snooze.

Two young and beautiful lasses were picking flowers in the meadow when they stumbled upon him.  Being curious one of the ladies said to the others wonder if what they say is true, that Scotsman don't wear anything under their kilt?""  The other lass was more adventurous and decided to take a peak.  Their suspicions were true as his twig and berries sat right in the middle of his red bush.  The first lass said ' it'd be awfully rude to to gander at his manhood and not let him know.""  So the other lady pulled a blue ribbon from her hair and gently tied it to his pecker.

Carothers woke up and made it back to the festivities when it hit him that he needed to drain the dragon.  He started relieving himself at the communal latrine when another Scotsman joined him.  The Scotsman glanced over and exclaimed, ""aye mate, I'm not sure what completions you entered but it looks like you won 1st prize!"""
"Just been diagnosed with the dreaded ‘Peek-a-Boo virus’..." "&amp;#x200B;

I’m being transferred to ICU."
"Bigfoot is sometimes confused with Sasquatch." "Yeti never complains"
"I used to live in a tyre until it got punctured..." "...I'm now living in a flat."
"What do you call a woman with no legs?" "A dirty cunt"
"I just killed a family of five." "I am an orphan now."
"Did you hear about the blind man who refused to read a book?" "He said, ""I'm just not feeling it!"""
"What did the scientists in Chernobyl get paid in?" Exposure
"If America is storming Area 51 then the Europeans can storm the Vatican" "We’ll take the aliens, you get the predators"
"A viking adds symbols to an axe he has just made ..." """ Oh no iv runed it"""
"A mother Chameleon was so overcome with joy when her eggs hatched that her camouflage dropped." "Looking down excitedly, she exclaimed, ""I've become apparent!"""
"My wife is always saying “ Communication is the most important thing in our relationship.”" "Then why do I have to spend all day figuring out why she is pissed?"
"Doctor: Hello, I am calling from the hospital" "Doctor: Hello, I am  calling from the hospital, I am afraid your wife has been brught in after a bad accident.

Husband: Oh my God, how is she?

Doctor: I am afraid she's critical.

Husband: Oh, do not worry, you get used to that.."
"I got an awesome stereo made of cake." "It's a gateau blaster."
"I once dated a girl with a twin. We all know the immediate fantasy that springs to mind, and so i thought i'd ask." "I asked and they agreed.
It was a wonderful experience and if anything her twin was a really nice guy."
"I got a new lawn mowing app for my phone" "Now it's lost in the grass"
"I count women who I slept with when I try to sleep." "\- Why not sheep?

\- I only had one sheep."
"Adolf was confused as he arrived in hell and was allowed one question to Jesus. Baffled, he said: I asked you who you hate the most, and acted on it. What went wrong?" "Jesus replied: I Said ""hah, you wish""."
"We kidnapped your wife and are sending you her thumb. We'll kill her if you don't pay us 100000 USD." "The thumb can belong to anyone. Send her head instead."
"My buddy told me he got laid off from his job reviewing vendors on eBay, Amazon, etc..." "...so I said ""Sorry to hear that, man.  Let's go grab some meth and we'll tweak out to forget about it.""

""Nah,"" he said. ""I don't really feel like it.""

""Come on,"" I urged.  ""A little crystal will do you good.""

""I don't know..."" he mumbled.

""Dude, let's get cranked already!"" I implored.

""All right, man-- you fly, I'll buy!"" he finally conceded.

Which just goes to show, if you want to pick up speed you've got to press on the ex seller rater."
"Why can't male ghosts enjoy blowjobs?" "Because they have halloweenies."
"Why are so many children vegan?" "Because the steaks are too high"
"Days ago, i learned how to crack neck. The sound and feeling are really satisfying." "Although the bodies are starting to pile up."
"I got an email from a Nigerian Prince asking me for $100,000 to help him build a business and in return I am promised 10 fold. What does he think I am a fool?" " I already invested in a Prince from Qatar for half the price last week. Sucker can’t scam me."
"What do you call a slightly injured Cow?" Ow.
"Why are so many children vegan?" "Because the stakes are too high"
"Why can't my husband find my G spot?" "You are lucky. My husband can't even find my clitoris."
"Chris Hemsworth goes to a bar" "He spots a nice looking lady and gets chatting to her, she happens to have dental braces which affects her speech only slightly. 
He asks her “Could I buy you a drink?”
She replies “If you mutht”
They chat and drink into the early hours. 
Chris then says “I have a room at the Radisson down the road, want to spend the night there?”
She replies “If we mutht”
They go back to his and they shag the night away.

Next morning Chris wakes up dazed and confused. He hears movement in the bathroom and slowly remembers the previous nights events. 
He realises that he hasn’t properly introduced himself so waits for the lady to step out of the bathroom.
Soon as she appears Chris says “Good morning, I’m Thor by the way”
She says “You’re Thor? I can’t even pith!”"
"I'm so good at chemistry" "They call me Mr"
"I had to apologize to my friend for making fun of his erectile dysfunction." "I said, “Hope there are no hard feelings.”"
"Why do the french wear their mask on the neck?" "They don't want cou vide ."
"The Wife just rang to tell me ""Three girls in the office have just received flowers from their Men, they're absolutely gorgeous""" " I said......... ""Thats probably why they received flowers!"""
"What is the difference between Ironman and Ironwoman?" "One is a superhero and the other is a command."
"I asked a lumberjack who many trees had he cut" "He said 23,679
I asked how do you know the exact number
He said I keep a log"
"What do you call a fake gun?" "A JK-47"
"What do you call a fake gun?" [deleted]
"What do you can a fake gun?" [deleted]
"Why are forklifts, cranes etc referred to as plant hire?" "They grow them by putting Kia Ceed's underground!"
"I got my Stormtrooper tattoo removed today" "I won't miss it."
"So A Plane Got Filled With Anti-Maskers..." "The airline decided to let them all take the flight, but decided to bar all the people who wore masks. The anti-maskers all died from asphyxiation during the turbulence because they refused to wear the oxygen masks that dropped down. Make sure you adhere to airline safety guides."
"An obese man asks his doctor, “Doc, I’m so fat I can no longer see my penis. What should I do?”" "“Dye it,” the doc replies."
"I took my dog to the vet yesterday as he wasn't looking good" """I'm going to have to take his temperature,"" he said, lifting up his tail. ""I don't think he's going to like this.""

""Oh he does,"" I replied."
"BREAKING NEWS: Elon Musk to target the fragrance industry" [deleted]
"Someone asked me if I liked One Direction" "I said ""Yeah, South"""
"I visited my Great-Grampa yesterday and found him in tears with emotion" "When I asked what was going on, He answered:

So many years ago, I fought in World War I. At some point, I saw a German, he saw me, we both aimed at each other but he was quicker and shot first. He missed me. In shock, I just ran away, never to see him again… or so I thought.

You see, some years later, I was fighting in World War II. I was on the battlefield and saw that very same German. I aimed at him and he did the same. Once again, he was quicker and shot first. And once agin, he missed me. The reflex to run away once again saved my life.

That German man just sent me a letter. He says ""I miss you a lot""."
"One of my friends told me that Oslo is also known as the Tiger City" "And I was like “woah Norway”"
"Given that the aim of golf is to do the least amount of work... it's no surprise that it's Donald Trumps favourite game." 
"My partner left me because of my pasta feeling fetish" " I'm feeling cannelloni right now..."
"Two wives have a night out" "They decide to walk home, but on the way both have a desperate need to pee.
They nip into a cemetery, do the deed and realise they have nothing to wipe themselves with.
So one uses her underwear and the other grabs a wreath and uses that.
Next day there husbands are talking on the phone, voicing there concerns.
""I'm not happy"", says first husband,""she came home with no knickers on.""
""I hear you"" replies second husband.
""But if you think that's bad, my wife had a card stuck in the crack of her arse saying, ""From all the guys at the fire station, we will all miss you!"""
"I got a new job cleaning mirrors" "It's something i can really see myself doing."
"What is recycle?" "I got a true answer yesterday. Replied to a mail with subject line ""Cycle"""
"Practice makes you perfect" "I was enjoying my shooting session in the range. A middle aged started his preparation next to mine. For some strange reason, I was distracted and started observing. He had some kind of file looking like an album. He took out his shooting target and fixed on the clip. I could see it running to farthest possible in the range. I could still see it though. 

Soon heard a crackle from his rifle. I had a chuckle, it was no where near the bulls eye and one more soon, again away. The next one was a miracle, right into the bull's eye.  I could not believe his luck, just smiled at him. 

He retrieved the target and now I started observing out of more curiosity. He took it out carefully and filed it in his album. The first two holes exactly matched the file clip and many other targets matched each other.

Out of sheer curiosity asked him,""Worked for forces?""

""Nah... just a practice and recreation""

""oh ho..How long you been practicing?""

""Since School days""

Not a good thing to hear in USA though."
"Knock knock" "Who's there? 

EA 

EA who? 

EA - pay 30$ to unlock the rest of the joke."
"The Barenaked Ladies go to a church to confess their sins." "They step into the booth and the priest asks, ""How long since your last confession?""

""It's been one week since you looked at me!"""
"What do an assassin and two cigarettes have in common?" [deleted]
"I love watching movies with strong female leads." "I'm a heroine addict."
"what did the gay magician say when he disappeared?" poof
"A soldier in WWII was shot but coins in his pocket stopped the bullet." "It was his life savings."
"Funny computer joke" "Hey, what did the mouse say to the keyboard? Don’t know?

“You’re just my type”!!!!"
"i hate it, if european bashing americans about metric unit vs imperial unit, which is unfair" "americans already using 9mm in school"
"Karma Lesson" "Teacher: What is the meaning of Karma?  


Reddit: LIKES!"
"I was a turtle in my past life..." "It's slowly coming back to me."
"It is very important to like the same birds in your marriage" "When I am looking for my wife to have sex, she ducks, but I wish she would swallow."
"What do you do if you want to send a hammer to somebody?" "You mallet"
"My buddy said he made a voodoo doll of me" "I think he's pulling my leg"
"Kinetic energy has no potential." 
"My life" [deleted]
"Kinetic energy has no potential." 
"You run into a wall, with a rock hard boner. What breaks first?" "Your nose"
"what do would happen if pigs could fly?" "idk but the price of bacon would Skyrocket"
"Silence is Golden" "Paddy was out driving with the wife..After speeding down a long stretch of road he noticed the flashing lights of a police car behind him and pulled over..

“Can I help you officer”? he said 

“Do you realize that your wife fell out of the car about a mile back” says the officer!

“Holy Fuck” says Paddy “That’s great...I thought I had gone deaf”"
"When Hitler invaded Poland, we were all shocked." "We did Nazi that one coming."
"Why did the man cover himself in fake shit?" "Because it was _sham poo_"
"What does a deaf guy in college do?" [deleted]
"I was on my first date with a cop" "I asked her if she would give me a speeding ticket for going too fast, then I leaned in to kiss her. 

Long story short, dinner was $150 to the local municipality.

And she wouldn't even split the bill."
"I once knew a Formula 1 driver who had a day job trucking donkeys." "He was never a good driver, but he hauled ass!"
"Today I met someone who didn’t use labels" [deleted]
"An engineer dies" "An engineer dies and reports to the Pearly Gates. Saint Peter checks his dossier and, not seeing his name there, accidentally sends him to Hell. 

It doesn’t take long before the engineer becomes rather dissatisfied with the level of comfort in Hell. He soon begins to design and build improvements. Shortly thereafter, Hell has air conditioning, flush toilets and escalators. Needless to say, the engineer is a pretty popular guy. 

One day, God calls Satan and says with a sneer: ""So, how are things in Hell?"" 

Satan replies: ""Hey, things are going great. We’ve got air conditioning, flush toilets, and escalators. And there’s no telling what this engineer is going to come up with next."" 

""What!"" God exclaims: ""You’ve got an engineer? That’s a mistake -- he should never have been sent to Hell... send him to me."" 

""Not a chance,"" Satan replies: ""I like having an engineer on the staff, and I’m keeping him!"" 

God insists: ""Send him back or I’ll sue."" 

Satan laughs uproariously and answers: ""Yeah, right. And where are you going to get a lawyer?"""
"What did the dog say to Woody after accidentally swallowing Buzz Lightyear?" "You got a friend in me."
"Hear the one about the guy who couldn't stop worrying about shelves?" "He was shelf conscious."
"A little green alien lands his flying saucer and gets a flat tire." "He starts wandering around the city looking for something he can use as a replacement, and comes to a Jewish delicatessen. He sees some bagels in the window and goes inside to ask for one.

""Hello,"" he says. ""Can I have one of those flying saucer tires?""

The guy behind the counter has to lean way over the counter to even see the little green man. He looks at where the alien is pointing and says, ""That's not a flying saucer tire. That's a bagel!""

""A bagel? What's a bagel?""

""It's food. You eat it,"" the guy says and holds one out to the little green man. ""Here, try one.""

The little green man takes it, takes a bite, chews for a while and then says, ""Huh! You know, this would be really good with some cream cheese and lox!"""
"If Chewbacca is male what is his female counterpart called?" [deleted]
"What's the difference between a spacecraft and an asteroid?" "A spacecraft is really light, an asteroid is a little meteor."
"What web browser to British people use?" "Innit Explorer"
"I've had enough of this shampoo" "I want real poo"
"I want to make a lord of the rings themed metal band called" "Nightmare on helms deep"
"My doppelganger from Mars shows up." "I guess we're the best of both worlds."
"Onlyfans for incest lovers?" Onlyfams
"Hey guys, I got a date!" "They were a hot single in my area, too! I'm lucky!"
"Scientist A: ""Will you help me name these microscopic robots?""" "Scientist B: ""Nah""

Scientist A: ""C'monnnn!!""

Scientist B: ""No."""
"Whenever I have sex it's like playing a game of hide or seek." "I'm always the one who yells: Ready or Not Here I Cum!"
"What do frogs drink?" Croak-acola
"How many rocket explosions will it take to figure out that someone is not doing their job very well or does not know what they are doing?" 
"A bar walks into Einstein." "Oops, bad choice of reference frame."
"I told my buddy he's an alcoholic." "He said why.  I said because you're drink'kin."
"What do you call an overweight kidney doctor who can also predict the weather?" "A meaty-urologist"
"Now, Bending is simple at first glance, only for main elements (earth, air, water, fire), but then there are subsets (metal, weightlessness, blood, explosive), but class their is one bending achievable by all benders..." 
"“The white man’s burden” by Rudyard Kipling is a deeply problematic poem" 
"Fed Ex and UPS have finally set aside their differences and decided its time to team up together to beat amazon, their new name is..." [deleted]
"At a circus there’s a calamity and two lions escape." "They manage to grab hold of a clown and start devouring him. One lion turns to the other and asks “does this taste funny to you?”"
"A woman on a dating site sent me a message saying, ""Wow! Your gorgeous, how come your still single?""" " ""It's spelled 'you're',"" I replied."
"What do you call a skateboarding ice cream?" [deleted]
"I believe in true gender equality" [deleted]
"The top 5 vowels" [deleted]
#34582 
"Why does an A.I. make the best dancer?" "Because they have the algorithm."
"I threw my back out tilling the fields of Egypt." "My doctor said I should see a different cairotractor."
"A man walks into a bar. Upon sitting down a busty blond waitress pours him a drink and asks if he would like some food. He looks up at the menu above the bar it says: Hot dog – $2 Cheeseburger – $5 Hand job – $10 He asks the waitress," "
He asks the waitress, “Miss are you the one who gives the hand jobs?” She winks and replies, “why yes I am.” He says, “Well wash your hands, I want a cheeseburger.”"
"I've tried everything" "When I was young, I tried everything: Sadism, Beastiality, Necrophilia.

But I gave up on all that when I realized I was just beating a dead horse.

NSFW just in case"
"I needed an emergency tire change. I asked what the hourly rate was. I was relieved when they said it’s a..." "...Flat Fee."
"""I don't have a racist bone in my body""" "Well maybe it's in your white blood cells"
"I've been really worried about my diet recently" "Yesterday I took a shit so black it tried to rob me!"
"A man worked in a situation that required him to be on site every other week." "One particular week, he came back on a Saturday instead of a Friday and caught his wife with one of his best friends. He shot them both, he got arrested and was put on death row. His other best friend came to visit him and they had a conversation that went like this:
""Hey man, I know the situation you're in right now, but things could be worse."" said his friend.
""How the hell could things be worse right now?! I'm about to get the chair!"" asked the man 
His friend replied ""Hell, if you'd have come come back on Friday instead of Saturday, you'd have got me too!"""
"Two drums and a cymbal" "fell off a cliff."
"What is an atheist’s favorite song?" "Science’s Plan"
"Damn girl, do you have Covid?" "Because if you’re talking to me, then you have no taste."
"Canadian #1: What can I get for ya there bud?" "Canadian #2: Oh I’d like this fancy car please. 

Canadian #1: Well how about that, would you like the stock model or can I interest you in some upgrades?

Canadian #2: I’d like all the bells &amp; whistles and upgrades ya got please. 

Canadian#1: Well you must be quite wealthy then because that’s gonna you an arm &amp; a leg

Canadian #2: Can I pay in two knees?"
"Ever noticed that anyone driving slower than you is an idiot…?" "…And everyone driving faster than you is a maniac?"
"What's the Difference Between Me and Cancer?" "My dad didn't beat cancer"
"The Flat-Earth Society is now recruiting new members..." "We have chapters all around the world."
"The Russian Prime Minister comes to President Putin and nervously tells him they need to abolish time zones" """Why is that?"" asks Putin.

The Prime Minister says, ""These time zones are just so confusing. I fly to another city, call home and everyone is asleep. Once I woke you up at 4 in the morning, but I thought it was only evening. I called Angela Merkel to congratulate her on her birthday and she tells me she had it yesterday. And then when I wished the Chinese President a happy New Year, and he said that it was on the next day.""

Putin replies, ""Well, these really seem like minor issues.""

The Prime Minister says, ""Minor issues?! Do you remember when that Polish plane crashed with their President? I called them to express my condolences, but the plane hadn't even taken off yet!"""
"joke time" "spell covid, now spell it backwards. now say covid backwards out loud. Now say wha in front of it. you should get something like WHA DIVOC, now say it out loud!"
"Why does the Dairy Queen have small fries?" "Because the Burger King forgets to wrap his Whopper!"
"To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office" "I will find you. You have my Word."
"Someone stole my secret Santa present. It was a copy of Microsoft Office." "I will find you. You have my Word."
"At the low cost airliner" "Flight attendant: would you like a drink?

Passenger: what are the options?

Flight attendant: yes or no"
"To whoever stole my camouflage jacket" "You can hide, but you can’t run."
"A woman is riding the bus while trying to breastfeed her baby" "The baby, however, isn't interested.

""Drink the milk or I'll give it all to the man sitting at the back"" she says angrily.

The baby is still playing around.

A few minutes later she tries again, ""drink the milk or I'll really give it all to the man at the back, and you'll go hungry!""

The baby continues rejecting her.

She tries again, very angry this time, ""I'm definitely going to give it all to the man at the back if you don't behave!""

This goes on a few more times.

Suddenly she hears a voice from the back of the bus - ""Lady will you please make up your mind? I was supposed to get off 5 stops ago."""
"I swear, whenever someone says ""Great minds think alike""" "I just look at them and say; ""You sick motherfucker"""
"Banana for scale" "When someone on the internet posts a picture of something and wants to describe the dimensions of an object they use the sentence "" \*this object is this big\*, banana for scale"". Next time you hear this, go ahead and say ""yes"" and proceed to take their scale.  
This way, you're turning a banana that's worth at most 1$ into a scale that's more expensive.   
Sell the scale, repeat, and you'll be a millionaire in no time."
"A customer walks into a bank..." "...and tells the cashier: ""Good morning. I've come to pay the final installment on the loan used to buy a baby stroller""

Cashier: ""That's wonderful. And how is the baby doing?""

Customer: ""I'm doing alright, thank you."""
"What does Cardi B stand for?" "Cardiovascular bronchitis"
"What do you call someone who exclusively enjoys ""The Simpsons"" hentai?" "A Homer-sexual.

(Disclaimer: not disparaging gay people. The target is the play on words, not homosexuality - it's just a joke)"
"I have decided..." "That my new year's resolution is to not procrastinate."
"What's the last thing to go through a bugs mind when it hits your windshield?" "It's ass"
"I have a joke about how good Cardi B's songs are" "Nevermind, I can't find one"
"I have a joke about how good Cadi B's songs are" "Nevermind, i can't find one"
"What's the difference between the Moon landing and Megan Markle's allegations against the Royals?" "People actually care about the Moon landing."
"If people who travel to Ibiza to party get stuck on airports because they have no vaccine pasports." "Will they be called “Trance-migrants”?"
"Two Men Are Lying in Hospital Beds" "One with his leg in a large cast the other with a bandage on his head and his arm in a a sling

They get talking and the first man asks the second how he ending up in hospital 

“Well” says the second “it’s a long story. I came home from work to find my wife in bed with another man, the red mist descended and I started chasing the man round the bedroom, suddenly he jumps out the window and lands on his leg in quite a painful looking way, great I think now he’ll be easy to catch, so I run down stairs but as I’m about to reach the bottom I slip, miss three steps, bang my head against the wall and break my arm. 

Next thing I know a paramedic is having a look at me and the man is gone. Now I have a broken arm, blurry vision and a massive concussion, so if I ever catch that guy I’ll bloody well beat him to an in inch of his life.”

He turns to the first man and asks “Anyway what are you in for?”

The other man looks nervous gulps and then says “um uh Appendix transplant?”"
"What did the elephant say to the naked man?" "How do you breath out of that thing!"
"An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician are staying in a hotel." "The engineer wakes up and smells smoke. He goes out into the hallway and sees a fire, so he fills a trashcan from his room with water and douses the fire. He goes back to bed.

Later, the physicist wakes up and smells smoke. He opens his door and sees a fire in the hallway. He walks down the hall to a fire hose and after calculating the flame velocity, distance, water pressure and trajectory, extinguishes the fire with the minimum amount of water and energy needed. 

Then, the mathematician wakes up and smells smoke. He goes to the hall, sees the fire and then the fire hose. He thinks for a moment and exclaims, ""Ah, a solution exists!"" and then goes back to bed."
"If you're good at sex..." "then finding a prostitute could be reffered to as ""search and destroy""."
"Non-Renewable resource joke." "What do you call someone who likes bogs and likes getting burned? Peat. P.S my geography teacher made this"
"What’s the difference between former Yugoslavia and the YouTube comment section?" 
"""Lincoln"" grossed $275,000,000 in movie theaters" "Which is ironic since historically Lincoln doesn't do too well in theaters"
"Just quit my job at the helium factory." " I will not be spoken to in that tone!"
"Eating Glass" "Two kids are sitting on the playground shooting the shit when they start talking about their Dads. 

The first kid goes, “last night I saw my dad eat a whole pizza, all by himself.”
The second kid say, “man, that’s nothing. I once saw my dad eat TWO whole pizzas all by himself.

So the first kid goes, “dude, my dad is so strong. He can bench 200lbs all by himself.”
The second kid replies, “man, your dad is a pussy, my dad can bench 300lbs.”

So the first kid starts feeling kinda shitty about his old man, and starts thinking. Finally he goes, “Oh yea? well my dad can eat glass.”
The second goes, “what?!? No way?”
To which the first kid replies, “yea, I was walking by my parents room the other night and I heard my dad tell my mom that if she turned off the light, he would eat it.”"
"A Joke Funnier Than Society." "You know how people are always saying they cry in the shower did you know no one can hear you scream if you put your mouth under the shower too?"
"Why isn't fire retardant stupid?" "Because it's a retard"
"A 10 year old girl asks her mother ""mommy how was I born?""" "The mother smiled and replied,""Once upon a time me and your daddy decided to plant a wonderful little seed. Daddy put it in the earth and I took care of it every single day. After a while the seed starterd to grow more and more leaves and in a few months, it turned into a beautiful healthy plant. So we took  the plant, dried it, smoked it and got so high that we fucked without a condom"""
"What do you call a puppy that's the leader of the Dothraki?" "Khal Doggo"
"3 guys are hiking through the woods when they find a lamp" "

One of them picks it up, rubs it, and out pops a Genie. It booms ""You have finally freed me after all these years, so I'll grant each one of you 3 wishes."" The first guy immediately blurts out ""I want a billion dollars."" POOF, he's holding a printout that shows his account balance is now in fact 1,000,000,003.50 The second man thinks for a bit, then says ""I want to be the richest man alive."" POOF, he's holding papers showing his net worth is now well over 100 billion. The third guy thinks even longer about his wish, then says ""I want my left arm to rotate clockwise for the rest of my life."" POOF, his arm starts rotating. The Genie tells them it's time for their second wish. First guy says: ""I want to be married to the most beautiful woman on earth."" POOF, a stunning beauty wraps herself around his arm. Second guy says ""I want to be good-looking and charismatic, so I can have every girl I want."" POOF, his looks change and the first guy's wife immediately starts flirting with him. Third guy says ""I want my right arm to rotate counter-clockwise until I die."" POOF, now both his arms are rotating, in opposite directions. The genie tells them to think very carefully about their third wish. First guy does, and after a while says ""I never want to become sick or injured, I want to stay healthy until I die."" POOF, his complexion improves, his acne is gone and his knees don't bother him any more. Second guy says ""I never want to grow old. I want to stay 29 forever."" POOF, he looks younger already. Third guy smiles triumphantly and says ""My last wish is for my head to nod back and forth."" POOF, he's now nodding his head and still flailing his arms around. The genie wishes them good luck, disappears, and the men soon go their separate ways.Many years later they meet again and chat about how things have been going. First guy is ecstatic: ""I've invested the money and multiplied it many times over, so me and my family will be among the richest of the rich pretty much forever. My wife is a freak in the sheets, and I've never gotten so much as a cold in all these years."" Second guy smiles and says ""Well, I built charities worldwide with a fraction of my wealth, I'm still the richest guy alive and also revered for my good deeds. I haven't aged a day since we last met, and yes, your wife is pretty wild in bed.""

Third guy walks in, flailing his arms around and nodding his head, and says:""Guys, I think I fucked up.""



(I know it's probably been posted many times before  here but it's such a classic)"
"A man asks his friend how long he has been married.." "The friend replies “21 years”. The man says “Do you realise on your wedding night if you had killed her you’d be out now?”.

🤣"
"My wife accused me of taking the last donut." "It’s true. I just ate the hole thing."
"Antifa was protesting outside this vietnamese restaurant today." "I hear their chicken soup is ""to die for."""
"wrong spelling" "A man receives a message from a neighbour....
""Sorry sir I am using your wife...day and night... When you are not present at home...In fact , much more than you do  . I confess this now because I am feeling very guilty . Hope you will accept my sincere apologies.""

The man is down with a heart attack and admitted to hospital

The next day he receives another message 
""Sorry sir spelling mistake , it's not wife but wifi""."
"If you say gullible 5 times" "Your tongue goes numb"
"I like my women how I like my headphone jacks..." "Can be plugged in both ways"
"""Listen son, I don't really think ur depression jokes are appropriate""" """what jokes"""
"Told my friend a blind joke and" "she said I was crossing a line.So I asked her how can the blind see if I'm crossing the line?"
"Out of spite" "You're out of touch  
I'm out of time  
Time to change a diaper."
"I love kicking ass and eating ass" "And i’m a paraplegic"
"I was in Russia listening to a stand-up comedian making fun of Putin." "The jokes weren’t that good, but I liked the execution."
"What does ""niggot"" mean?" "Nigger faggot."
"An incel, an edgelord and a gatekeeper walk into a bar." "They sit down and all order juice.
The owner of the establishment is furious and demands they order alcohol of some sort.
One of them scoffs, ""this place has a reputation for serving up bottom-shelf labels."""
"You know you’re right. Now that it’s behind us I can really gain some perspective on what a crazy year it was" "“No, now you can see *in* 20/20” said my optometrist"
"A party of lumberjacks were hanging out in the village" "A party of lumberjacks were hanging out in the village when the shiny-new equipment, namely chainsaw, arrived to their country for the first time in history. All of them were delighted with this fact, however tried their best not to show any signs of this, as they were real lumberjacks.

In order to test the possibilities of this wonderful mechanism a wooden pole was prepared. They putted the pole on the trestle and started the chainsaw.

The chainsaw worked like a song: ""Whroom-whroom-Vzhhhzhzhz-wrooom"" and the pole was cut.

And the lumberjacks said ''Oh...""

Then they put a whole log on a trestle and started the chainsaw:

""Whroom-whroom-Vzhhhzhzhz-vzhzhziizhzhz-vzhhhiiiissshhh-wrooom"" sang the chainsaw, the log was cut in half pretty quickly and the lumberjacks gasped ""O-ooh!"" By now they were really exited.

Now they pulled out the metal rail, put it on the trestle and started the chainsaw again:

''Whroom-whroom-vzhhh-dzdzdzdd-DZICHK-khhh"" cried out the chainsaw for the last time in her life and fell silent.

""Pfff"" the lumberjacks breathed out ."
"Steve and his mother were way behind on their car payments" "The repo man had been after them for a while but hadn't successfully gotten the car yet. One day Steve had an idea for a ""sting"" operation to solve the problem once and for all. Before he left he shouted to his mom that he was taking the car, but she was in the bathroom and couldn't make out what he said.

""What are you taking?"" she asked.

""Car, ma, for repo sting!"""
"What did Thor say after he bit his tongue?" "I'm Thor"
"I was at an important job interview today.." """Are you on facebook?"" I was asked.

""Sorry, no. I'm not."" I replied.

""Twitter?""

""Nope.""

""Instagram?""

""Nah.""

""Look, just put your fucking phone away, will you!?"""
"Treadmill at the gym" "I trick myself into going to the gym.

I go the gym, I find a voluptuous woman on a treadmill. Take the treadmill behind her, and pretend like I'm chasing her.

She speed up, I speed up. She helps me bring out my inner creepiness.

It was working great.

Till I find out someone's on the treadmill behind me. And he was like ""Aiyah, slow down~""

I'm like ""Nah, naw"" *speeds up treadmill*

""You gotta earn this, baby"""
"""How can you call me a slag?"" Yelled my girlfriend during a fight. ""I've only slept with seven men.""" """Look, can we finish this when they've gone?"""
"Why do vegetarians give good head?" "Because they are used to eating nuts"
"I hate spelling errors" "You mix up two letters and your whole one liner is urined."
"I'm from Canada, Eh." "As opposed to what, Canada B?"
"How to convince dumb flat earthers that the world isnt flat?" "Just a genuine question guys"
"The Devil sat at the gates of hell... (Story Joke)" "He was busy chuckling as he watched a rerun of World War 1 on TV, when suddenly a man appeared in a burst of flames. The man was covered from head-to-toe in blood and scorch marks. 

The Devil looked at his paperwork and frowned. He didn’t seem to have a file for the man. 

“Epstein!” The Devil roared, turning to a figure in the distance, “Stop swinging on that rope and get my paperwork in order. This is the second time this week!”

“It doesn’t matter,” the man whispered, his eyes wide in shock, “It’s the end of the world. You wouldn’t believe what I’ve just witnessed.”

“The end of the world?” The Devil asked, looking confused, “That’s odd, God wasn’t planning Armageddon until next Tuesday. He must have brought it forward. How interesting!”

The Devil looked at the man with curiosity, “Well, why don’t you tell me what you remember before you died.”

The man sighed, 

“Well, it all started when I went to visit an old friend. He had just moved into a new place. It feels like a dream now it’s over. 

I was moving through the entrance to the complex when I heard it. A low gargling noise, and dragging footsteps. The sound was truly terrifying. 

I looked to my right. And that’s when I saw it.”

“Saw what?!” The Devil asked curiously. 
 
“A zombie.”

The Devil jumped with excitement, “Alright,” He called, turning to his minions, “Who bet zombies for the Apocalypse?”

The man continued, “He was moving towards me slowly, eyes bloodshot, mouth open. His arms were raised for my throat. He didn’t even look human anymore. 

I realised in that moment that it was kill or be killed. My mind clicked into gear. This is what all those years of planning for a zombie apocalypse had paid off for. 

I pulled my trusty sidearm from my pants and let fire. Headshot of course. It’s the only way. 

Well shit went crazy then. 

Bodies started coming out of everywhere. Doors flung open and zombies began dragging themselves out. Some were crawling on the floor, some with horrific sores on their faces, others with a missing limb or too. 

All of them had the same dead look in their eyes.

I can’t tell you how many I took out. I was like Rick Grimes on drugs. Do you like zombie shows?”

“Oh yes.” The Devil nodded, “We’ve got Netflix down here, but we use Heaven’s account. It’s a victimless crime really. Like treason”

The man continued, “I came across one human who had a zombie with both arms over her shoulders. I took them both out. You can’t doubt yourself in those situations.

An alarm sounded across the complex, and I realised that I was done. I knew it was time. I pulled out a grenade from my satchel.  You always need one for an emergency.  I pulled the pin, held it, and charged at the enemy.

Next thing I know, I’m here.”

“What a story!” the Devil exclaimed, shooing away Joseph Stalin who had come to listen. 

“But we have a problem.” The Devil continued. “Let me consult my ‘Grey Area’ compendium. I’m quite sure killing zombies falls into a grey area. You know, defending your life against the undead and all.”

The Devil pulled out a book from nowhere, and flicked through the pages,

“Hmmm....Karens.....Reposters...ah! Here we are. Yes....yes I’m afraid that there’s been a mistake in your processing.” The Devil said cheerfully, “You get to go to heaven!”

The man clapped in excitement.

“Let me just make a quick call,” The Devil said, pulling a phone out of nowhere, and dialling a number. 

“Hey Jesus my man. It’s your boy Devil again,” The Devil said, “I’ve got another person here that’s yours.”

An angry voice sounded on the other end of the phone. 

The Devil paused and then nodded, before hanging up the phone. 

“What’s the matter?” The man asked. 

“I need to call back in twenty minutes.” The Devil explained, “He’s got 50 people that just arrived from a retirement village.”"
"The doctor said he needs to remove my colon" "Me Why"
"What is the word mistress spelled backwards?" Backwards
"NSFW: My wife suggested bringing toys into the bedroom to spice things up." "So I fisted her with hulk hands."
"Be careful while getting vaccinated..." "Charlie got his 2nd injection of the vaccine at the vaccination center yesterday and began to have blurred vision the whole way home.

When he got home, he called the vaccination center for advice and to ask if he should go see a doctor, or be hospitalized.

He was told to go back to the vaccination center immediately to take back his own glasses and return the glasses of the nurse he had taken mistakenly."
"I went to the doctors for some butt cream" "I called the doctor the next day...

Me: Doctor, I’ve had quite a reaction from applying this cream you’ve given me

Doctor: oh really? Where did you apply it?

Me: on the bus."
"A man walks into a bar." "The bartender asks: 

""Hey man, you realize you have a steering wheel in your pants?""

The man replies with:

""I know! It's driving me nuts!"""
"Who's me?" "Frank goes to his neighbor's house and knocks on the door.

Neighbor: Who is it?

Frank: It's me

Neighbor: Who's 'me'?

Frank: You're Martha McKinley. Do you have Alzheimer's or something?"
"I used to be a gamer like you, ..." "...then I took an arrow in the knee."
"I just got fired from my job as a massage therapist" "My boss said I rub people the wrong way"
"The first rule of 2021 is..." "...you don't talk about 2020."
"What do you call an american masturbaiting" "A yank wank"
"Why did the hipster burn his mouth?" "He ate the food before it was cool."
"Why can't you fool an aborted fetus?" "Because it wasn't born yesterday"
"Scientists modified bears DNA to make them more humanlike." "... unfortunately the result was unbearable"
"So I've been thinkin of opening a christian based Fromagerie," "I even picked out a logo. Jesus Cheesus. Our Grate Lord and Savior"
"So I've bee. Thinkin of opening a bible based Fromagerie," "I even have a name and logo picked out. Jesus Cheesus. Our Grate Lord and Savior"
"What's the difference between a cactus and a BMW?" "A cactus has pricks on the outside."
"Me: ""Doctor doctor, the Covid pandemic has made my dick go orange...""" "Doctor: ""That's strange, can you tell me about your daily routine?""

Me: ""Well we've been stuck in the house so I've been pretty much just watching porn and eating Cheetos"""
"Who came first - the chicken or the egg?" Me
"So my mum got a new Dog and Insisted on Naming him ""EndTime"" 😂 😂 😂" "My mum bought a new dog today and we were all suggesting different sweet names for the cutie, she stood up and said ""EndTime, come here""

That's The name for our new dog. 😸😹"
"Went to the off license on my bike last night and bought a bottle of vodka" "Just before I was to leave I thought, what if I fall off my bike and smash it, so I drank it right there. Turned out to be a good decision as I fell off my bike seven times on my way home."
"I took a class about spiders" "thanks to the pandemic, it was on the web"
"My friend said that it is bad to keep shit too long in me" "I said i dont give a shit"
"A young blonde, on vacation in Louisiana, wanted a pair of alligator shoes..." "but was reluctant to pay high New Orleans prices.

She stomped out of the store and headed for the swamp.

Later, as the shopkeeper drove home, he spotted the blonde standing waist-deep in a bayou, shotgun in hand, with a huge alligator closing in.

She took aim and shot the creature between the eyes.

The shopkeeper watched in amazement as she struggled to haul the carcass onto an embankment where several other dead alligators were lined up.

“Oh, no!” the blonde shouted in dismay.

“This one isn’t wearing any shoes either!”"
"The day after Christmas is Boxing Day. What do you call the day after New Years?" "January 2nd."
"What do you call a person who can't hear?" "You can call them anything cause they won't be able to hear you."
"Top 3 Female rejection lines:" "
1, I'm not attracted to you in 'that' way.
Translation: "" I don't want to be seen in public with a mf like you.""

2. My life is too complicated right now.
Translation: ""I'm busy seeing other guys. Who are you again?""

3. It's not you, it's me.
Translation: ""It's  definitely you."""
"How did the English teacher punish her students?" " She sentenced them"
"Ask Tommy." "Hilfiger it out."
"Our neighbors dog would often play the piano" "His Bach was worse than his bite"
"what is the most sensitive part of your body when masturbating?" "your ears..."
"Why did the sperm cross the road?" "Because I put on the wrong socks this morning"
"Why did the shoe pray to God?" "Because it has a sole"
"I just saw the funniest gamertag:" ToasterBath
"The Police are pissed at me." "I was driving down the highway the other day. On the Interstate in our city there are digital signs with road information on them. That day the sign said, ""Missing Senior. Red Ford Ranger. Call police."" There was a second sign with more information like the license plate number.

So I called the police.

Lady, ""911. What's your emergency?""

Me: ""Ma'am. There's a sign on the highway here that says there's a missing senior.""

Lady, ""Yes, that's right. Do you have any information?""

Me: ""Well, he's in a Red Ford Ranger. The sign said to call police, so here I am. I don't know why you police and the highway department don't communicate with each other, but I'm just doing what the sign said. The sign said, 'Missing Senior. Red Ford Ranger. Call police. So I did!""

For some reason she got really pissed at me."
"What did the wind turbine say to the senator trying to roll back greenhouse gas regulations?" "I don't care what you think, I'm really not a huge fan."
"A German man walks into a pastry shop" "He asks ""do you have any pastries left? And if so, how many?""

The baker says ""nine"" and the German, misunderstanding, walks away disappointed.

Later a French man walks in and asks ""my drink tastes funny, did you do something to it.""

The baker says ""wee"" and the Frenchman, confused, can't come up with a good punchline to this joke."
"Where does Meowth get his potions?" "At the &gt;!apawthecary!&lt;."
"What do you call a gay dinosaur?" MegaSoreAss
"Why does Santa have such a big sack?" "He only comes one a year"
"You might be from Kentucky if..." "The pastor at your funeral equates “pain” with y’alls college teams sucking...

(RIP Mamaw)"
"Did you hear about the guy whose New Year’s resolution was to flip over an electric car while test-driving it?" "He was turning over a new LEAF."
"Heisenberg and Schroedinger are driving together, but they get stopped by a police officer." "The officer asks, ""Did you know you were driving at 75 mph?""

Heisenberg sighs, ""Oh great, now we're lost.""

The cop is unhappy, and checks the car's trunk. He asks, ""And why is there a dead cat in here?""

Schroedinger grumbles, ""Well there is NOW!"""
"My doctor refuses to post my diagnosis to social media..." "He says my disease is untweetable..."
"Why will 2022 suck as much as 2020?" "Because it is 2020 too"
"Do kids of talibani extremists get scared when their dad is feeding them--" "And says ""here comes the airplane"""
"What happens to the loosing bird in a cockfight?" "He’s made into chick arena soup."
"I accidentally walked into a room of gay people having at it" "That was the most Gay-Ass Shit I have ever seen."
"Why did the osteoblast cross the road?" "To get to clast!"
"I cracked open two eggs for breakfast this morning. One had two yolks, the other had a little chunk of steak." "The double-yolker was great! The meaty-yolker was just okay."
"I was asked which 5 words best describe me" "I said, ""Really bad at counting"""
"What did Sting say as a baby?" "ge goo goo goo, ge ga ga ga"
"Three men die and are at the gates of Heaven." "St. Peter, the gatekeeper says, ""All three of you are doomed to hell. Unless you do one good deed, which may yet give you a chance to enter Heaven.""

The three men agreed and decided to do one good deed.

But before they could, a beautiful well-endowed woman walked by and the first man vanished.

The other men were flummoxed by that and they looked away from her instantly.

A few moments later, a merchant walked by and he dropped his wallet. The second man saw this as an opportunity to do a good deed.

As he bent down to pick up the wallet the third man vanished."
"I usually prefer electric appliances" "But after looking at my dirty underwear I think I prefer my gas dryer."
"Joe, is a bus driver in 50's US" "One day, one black person came to the bus and sat front.

One white guy got angry and said: 
""Go back!""

And a fight started. 

Joe got also angry. He got his green paint and painted everyone green. He said:
""Now everyone is green. No colors left. Now sit wherever you want.""

But whites again got angry and fight broke up, again.

He said:
""Dark greens sit back, light greens sit front."""
"Did anyone see the joke I made about the chiropractor?" "I posted it here about a weak back."
"How to make your wife scream for 2 hours after you've had sex?" "Wipe it in the curtain."
"My smart-ass friend just told me how to spell lotion backwards" "He’s such a noitol."
"Yo momma is so fat" "that the scale showed tree(3)"
"I'm glad it's illegal to cook meth." "Raw meth is much better for you."
"I'm sure glad 2020 is over..." "But I'm not looking forward to the sequel, 2022."
"A British tabloid has just run a story about how self conscious I am." "Its really upset me, I hate seeing myself in The Mirror."
"A man goes to the doctor as he has a problem speaking." "He says, “Doctor, I’m having a problem where I can’t speak this specific letter. It’s getting really irritating!”

The doctor, using his quick thinking, says, “Alright, repeat all the letters in the alphabet for me.”

The man rattles of the first twenty, but then clams up, face full of frustration and resignation.

“Ah,” the doctor says. “It seems like it’s a u problem.”"
"I almost had a threesome last night!" "I just needed two more people!"
"New Year's Resolution: a diet!" "So a wife buys her husband a scale to help him with his new year's resolution: to go on a diet.

A week later the husband says, ""Honey, this here scale is great! Now not only can I weigh myself, but now I know how much I'm shitting out on my new diet!""

The wife says, ""That's great; I never thought of that. So you step on the scale before you go to the toilet, step on the scale again when you're done and the difference is the weight of your poop?""

And the husband says, ""... yeah, I guess I could do it that way..."""
"My taste in girls is a lot like passing cow farms on the freeway..." "A lot of dairy air"
"Apparently Build-a-Bear is having a grand opening for their new cosmetic surgery branch." "They're calling it Build-a-Pair."
"Why did hitler walk into the Jewish bakery?" "He wanted to see how much the Challa-cost?"
"What do you call a passed out cookie?" "Limp Biskit."
"What do you call a turtle that shits alot?" "A turdle"
"A man inherited a parrot." "At first he thought it was a good thing, but the parrot would do nothing but swear like a sailor.

On the first day, the man played the parrot soothing music and put it's condition down to he stress of moving. 
On the second day he tried reasoning with it. On the third day, he ignored it. But nothing worked and the parrot still let loose with a torrent of curse words. 

On the fourth day, the man snapped after a particularly creative insult. He grabbed the parrot and shoved him into the freezer.
 For a few minutes the parrot continued unabated. Then, everything went quiet. Worried that he had killed the parrot, the man opened the door, and peeked inside. The parrot hopped out, and was strangely silent and then said, ""I am most terribly sorry old chap if I in any way offended you earlier with my choice of language. It won't happen again. But could I just ask....what did the chicken do?"""
"Son: Dad, are you a frayed knot?" "Dad: no, I'm afraid not"
"Do you know whats the funniest german Joke?" "me neither"
"A South Korean asks a North Korean “How’s life?”" "The North Korean responds “Well, I can’t complain.”"
"Have you heard about the invasion of alien women that only abduct people with big dicks?" "Just wanted to let you know that you’re not in any danger. But this spaceship is fucking awesome."
"What do you call Bigfoot that was born with a big nose instead?" Schnozzsquatch.
"What did the leper say to the prostitute?" "Keep the tip."
"Trumpets and Guns" "In a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns. One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, ""So how is your strange business going?""

""What do you mean strange?""

""Because you sell only trumpets and guns!""

""So?""

""Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?""

""It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."""
"My New Year's resolution is 1080p" "Can you beat it?"
"When creatures were nothing but a clump of cells..." "When creatures were nothing but a clump of cells a hole begins to firm that exists throughout their entire lives as their gastrointestinal tract.

Some creatures form from the mouth down.

Others the other way around.

Humans fall into the second category.

So everyone reading this, everyone you have ever met and everyone you will ever meet, regardless of how nice they are now, was, at one point, just an asshole."
"Boy 2021 is odd.. Like every other year" "(Ill leave now)"
"What if all women disappeared?" "That would be a pain in the ass."
"a caring mother makes her son loafs of bread shaped like batman, to make his sandwiches fun every time. guess what happens when it's in the oven?" "the dark knight rises."
"A salesman knocks on a door and a 10 year old kid answers drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette..." "The salesman is shocked but he asks the kid: “Excuse me young man is your mother or father home?”

The kid looks at him, takes a drag from the cigarette and says, “What do you think?”"
"My New Years Resolution is to get a girlfriend" "After what happened in 2020, i didn't get the chance to, but 2021 will  be the year.

~~After what happened in 2019, i didn't get the chance to, but 2020 will be the year.~~

~~After what happened in 2018, i didn't get the chance to, but 2019 will be the year.~~

~~After what happened in 2017, i didn't get the chance to, but 2018 will be the year.~~

~~After what happened in 2016, i didn't get the chance to, but 2017 will be the year.~~

~~After what happened in 2015, i didn't get the chance to, but 2016 will be the year.~~"
"So I took my son to see his Mom at work at the animal sanctuary and my wife brought out a lioness to meet us" "Me: Son you see her she is one of the fiercest and most dangerous creatures on Earth.

Son: Really Dad are you scared of her daddy.

Me: Hell yeah, even the lioness doesn't wanna fuck with her you think I will"
"Over Christmas dinner, I accidentally let it slip I'd lied about my degree in biology." "Me and my big face-hole thingy."
"I'm smarter than Einstein, Hawking, Da Vinci and Aristotle combined..." "cuz ther al ded"
"Alabama Girl: Dad do you like" "Alabama Girl: Dad do you like juice or Tea



Alabama Dad: I like Tee-n Juice"
"What's the difference between a nightclub bouncer and the University of Derby?" "The University of Derby will let you in if you have a few E's."
"What does a Korean robot say?" Bi-bi-bop
"A guy meets a sex worker in a bar. She says, ‘This is your lucky night." "I’ve got a special game for you. I’ll do absolutely anything you want for $300 as long as you can say it in three words.’ The guy replies, ‘Hey, why not?’ He pulls his wallet out of his pocket and lays $300 on the bar, and says slowly. ‘Paint…my….house.’"
"A guy dies and is sent to hell." "Satan meets him, shows him doors to three rooms, and says he must choose one to spend eternity in. In the first room, people are standing in dirt up to their necks. The guy says, ‘No, let me see the next room.’ In the second room, people are standing in dirt up to their noses. Guy says no again. Finally Satan opens the third room. People are standing with dirt up to their knees, drinking coffee and eating pastries. The guy says, ‘I pick this room.’ Satan says Ok and starts to leave, and the guy wades in and starts pouring some coffee. On the way out Satan yells, ‘OK, coffee break’s over. Everyone back on your heads!’"
"It’s the World Cup Final, and a man makes his way to his seat right next to the pitch. He sits down, noticing that the seat next to him is empty." "He leans over and asks his neighbour if someone will be sitting there. ‘No,’ says the neighbour. ‘The seat is empty.’ ‘This is incredible,’ said the man. ‘Who in their right mind would have a seat like this for the Final and not use it?’ The neighbour says, ‘Well actually the seat belongs to me. I was supposed to come with my wife, but she passed away. This is the first World Cup Final we haven’t been to together since we got married.’ ‘Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that. That’s terrible….But couldn’t you find someone else, a friend, relative or even a neighbour to take her seat?’ The man shakes his head. ‘No,’ he says. ‘They’re all at the funeral.’"
"Did you think 2020’s done with you? Well you’re wrong." "Because next year is 2022"
"The football game at capital hill was such a good game.." "The Patriots defense was so bad but they still somehow beat the Raiders."
"Why did the sperm cross the road?" "Because I put the wrong socks on this morning."
"Why are Downvotes for Reddit Posts Blue?" "Because after someone has Reddit, they wanna remind you that you Blueit"
"The other day I went to the eye doctor for the first time. He told me that I was color blind." "I was absolutely shocked. It really came out of the purple."
"What do you call a dumb weight?" 
"A pastor, a jew, and a confederate army walk into the Senate..." "And that's it, today doesn't really deserve a punchline."
"I heard Biden's newest cabinet member is a racehorse." "He's gonna be the new Secretariat of State."
Demisexual "Me:Im demisexual
Friend:What does it mean?
Me:Means I like Demi Lovato"
"Why did the john haggle with the hooker?" "He just wanted to get the most bang for his buck.

I'm sorry.  That's fifteen seconds you'll never get back."
"10 names of people who will ruin your day at work." "1. Karen
2. Karen 
3. Karen
4. Karen
5. Karen
6. Karen
7. Karen
8. Karen
9. Karen
10. Karen"
"What's the difference between a Snowman, a Snow-woman, and Glue?" Snowballs
"I just got the worst cramp i've ever had in my foot." "It hurt so damn bad i felt it in my sole"
"I dont need a helmet to ride my bike, i havent fallen down in ages!" [deleted]
"Bob came home drunk one night, slid into bed beside his sleeping wife, and fell into a deep slumber.. He awoke before the Pearly Gates, where St. Peter said, 'You died in your sleep, Bob....' Bob was stunned. 'I'm dead? No, I can't be! I've got too much to live for. Send me back!'" "St. Peter said, 'I'm sorry, but there's only one way you can go back, and that is as a chicken.'

Bob was devastated, but begged St. Peter to send him to a farm near his home.... The next thing he knew, he was covered with feathers, clucking, and pecking the ground.

A rooster strolled past. 'So, you're the new hen, huh? How's your first day here?'

'Not bad,' replied Bob the hen, 'but I have this strange feeling inside. Like I'm gonna explode!'

'You're ovulating,' explained the rooster.

'Don't tell me you've never laid an egg before? '

'Never,' said Bob.

'Well, just relax and let it happen,' says the rooster. 'It's no big deal.'

Bob did, and a few uncomfortable seconds later, out popped an egg! Bob was overcome with emotion as he experienced Motherhood. He soon laid another egg -- his joy was overwhelming.

As he was about to lay his third egg, he felt a smack on the back of his head, and heard his wife yell..... BOB, wake up. You shit the bed!'"
"I went to Disney for the first time and found my new favorite ride!" "It was a giant crane ride, like absolutely massive and life sized. I'm not sure what it was supposed to be based on, but you could operate the controls and pick stuff up and it was really cool. I think the ride's name was ""Construction Zone"" and they had a ton of yellow tape everywhere for the line queue.

Anyway, I'm not allowed back at Disney for the rest of the year, or at least until they finish fixing the road out front."
"A hunter goes to hunt a bear" "

A hunter goes to the forest. He sees a bear and fires at it, but misses. The bear is nowhere to be seen. 

Suddenly the bear taps him on his shoulder and says, ""You tried to kill me, either I'll kill you or pull down your trousers and let me fuck you"". The man chose life. 

He goes home embarrassed, buys a bigger gun and goes back to hunt the bear. He sees it at a distance, fires, misses, the bear disappears in the thick brush only to pop up behind him a little later. The bear recognizes the hunter and says, ""You know the choices."" 

The hunter, after being fucked again, brings a bazooka to get over his humiliation. He finds the bear, fires and falls back due to recoil. The smoke clears and the bear is standing over him, rubbing it's chin. ""You don't come here for hunting, do you?"""
"I’ve seen better security at Disneyland’s grad night than I have the Capitol building." 
"Just an observation" "Senator Lankford is fucking smart. Time to stop suckling that sow and mosey over to the mud pit. The farmers are coming with the ax, not the slop bucket. 

Oooh,  look at the lil piggies go. 

Now on to see is running for future president."
"It’s harder to get into Hall H at Comic Con than it is The Capitol Building." "That’s it. That’s the joke."
"I hate people who take drugs." "Like the police, the DEA and the TSA. 

Assholes."
"Three Star Wars nerds enter a bar..." "They sit down and have a drink. One notices a really beautiful woman at the end of the bar. She is clearly out of his league, but he says he's going to hit that and gets up and starts to walk over to her. The other two watch for a second and then see the woman start laughing in his face. 

The two still sitting look towards each other and one says, 'he sure hit that like a storm trooper.'"
"When you realize '21 is the legal drinking age in the United States, January 6th starts making a lot more sense." 
"My dog (Great Dane) is huge. 150lbs. Just as tall as me on his hind legs. I love this dog to death but he is such a misbehaved dog..." "Shits on the carpet. Barks and tries to bite people. Always knocking things over. I took him to obedience school and we are making some progress. However the dog trainer notices me looking at the dog with contempt. The trainer says to me ,""it looks as tho you despise your dog!""

I just shook my head and sighed, ""Dis Dane..."""
"My dog (Great Dane) is huge 150lbs. Just as tall as me in hind legs. But christ does this dog misbehave." [deleted]
"Where do border patrol officers go on vacation?" Iceland
"How can you tell if he has a high sperm count?" "You have to chew before you swallow."
"I don't approve of political jokes..." "I've seen too many of them get elected."
"It’s bogus" "That the potus has just showed us that his modus is to goad us like he’s filling up his quotas cause he’s on his two week notice"
"If you are color blind," "Twister is a mother fucking free for all."
"I’d like to cancel my subscription to 2021" "I’ve experienced the 7 day trial and I’m not interested"
"My wife said ""I'm leaving you because your always pretending to be a transformer.""" "I said ""no, wait! I can change."""
"Alright, so a man is entering a baking contest." "A man is entering a baking contest. He’s prepared the cake. 

On the day he’s supposed to deliver a cake, he can’t find the car.

He shouts to his mother, who lives with him, “Where’s my car, ma? It’s my cake’s day?”"
"What did two tampons walking down the street say to each other?" "Nothing. They’re both stuck up cunts."
"What sort of fact does a Historian and a Painter enjoy?" "An ARTY-Fact"
"It was 1796. Anglo-Spanish conflict was at its peak." "The British got an intel regarding that the Spanish hadn't yet took their position in their Balearic Islands. So the British saw that as a golden chance and they quickly sent their troops. But alas! The Spanish were already there and the British troops were not prepared...

Nobody expects the Spanish in position..."
"Anybody know someone that wants to buy letter openers, staplers, pens, and other office supplies?" " Most of it is labeled with Capital Hill or U.S. Senate but it's all usable.  Let me know! Thanks."
"A Black man and a Jewish man walk into a bar" "The bartender says: What can I get you senators?"
"I bought some batteries" "but they weren't included"
"I'm in the hospital right now. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine." "But let me just say, the Dyson Ball Cleaner has a very misleading name."
"How do you keep a horses ass from talking?" "Suspend his Twitter account"
"How many Redditors does it take to make an original joke?" "I'll let you know when they manage to do it."
"My cake day, my favorite joke" "A man walk into a bar.

&amp;#x200B;

OUCH!"
"U.S. politics &amp; law enforcement" 
"What Did Yoda Say When He Saw Himself In 4K" "Nothing, he’s dead"
"How do you drown a hipster?" "You throw him in the mainstream."
"Picture two professional boxers in a boxing ring." "Why did the boxers fall down?

Because they were too large for the person wearing them."
"I can't wait until Jan. 1, 2021" "Because on December 37th, there was a riot at the Capitol building, the 39th Twitter permanently suspended the President's account and today, the 42nd of December, they're trying to impeach the President....again."
"What’s the difference between a degree in gender studies and a large pizza" "A large pizza can feed a family of four"
"3 scrawny junkies walk into a Mob-owned brothel" "They each order up a prostitute and go to their respective rooms. After a bit, one of the junkies ODs and the prostitute informs her Madam of the unfortunate circumstances. Doing what a Madam does in such a situation, she calls the Mob and has them send a guy over to “fix” the “problem.”

So, things continue as normal until another one of the junkies ODs while with one of the prostitutes. Just as the other prostitute had, she informs her Madam. The Madam rolls her eyes and says, “So you’re telling me that 5 scrawny junkies were humping on my beds, 2 ODed and wound up dead.” So, The Madame called the Mobster and the Mobster said, “No more junkies humpin’ on the beds!”"
"How do you pick up turtle poop in Mario?" "Use a Koopa Troopa Poopa Scoopa"
"Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?" "Bac tree e a!"
"How does a Scotsman find a sheep lying in the grass?" [deleted]
"Where are those little 8oz Coke cans manufactured?" *Minisoda*
"What do you call 5 black men having sex?" "A threesome"
"When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend was cooking breakfast in nothing than a T-shirt..." "...when I came downstairs, she told me she needed me to have sex with her right away...

Needless to say I was thrilled, so we did it right there in the kitchen...

...she immediately went back to cooking... we didn't usually do stuff like that, so I hesitantly asked, ""so...what was that all about?""

She said, ""I had 5 minutes left on the casserole, but the timer broke."""
"I tried to post my opinion on mushrooms" "But it was a shittake!"
"What do you get when you cross The Sopranos with the Lord of the Rings?" "James Gandolfini"
"Why does a Lord of the Rings character need a submarine to get their helmet out of water?" "Helm's Deep"
"What recipe uses chicken, shrimp, okra, and elephant sausage?" Dumbolaya
"An old joke about the Gurkhas" "During the second world war a company of Germans were in the desert when a voice called out from behind a sand dune: ""One Gurkha can kill five Germans!"" Irritated by this the German captain sends a couple of soldiers round to sort out this man out, nobody disrespects the German army.

Moments later the voice calls out again ""One Gurkha can kill 10 Germans!"" The commander sends a squad around the dune to kill this tiresome man.

There's the sound of a fight and once more the voice calls out. ""One Gurkha can kill 20 Germans!""

The Germain captain is having no more of this and sends the remaining company round to finish this once and for all. There is the sound of fierce battle and a lone soldier, badly wounded comes crawling around the dune shouting: ""Captain! Captain! It's a trap! There are two of them!"""
"What do you get when you cross a bat and a human?" 
"Lets see how many of ya'll remember this." " 

#### A skeleton walks into a bar and says, ""Give me a beer and a mop."""
"i have no idea how so many people didn’t make it out the labyrinth" "it only took me a minotaur two"
"i always thought it'd be fun to be a Hare Krishna" "it's so unfortunate I never got the chants"
"funni joke i saw a while ago (nsfw)" "The day before thanksgiving, two parents had a big fight. They called each other bitch and bastard. Their child hear this, and walked into the room. ""What do those mean?"" He asked. The parents awkwardly explained to him that they meant lady and gentlemen. A few hours later, the pair had makeup sex. Suck my dick, the dad said. Touch my titties, the mom said. The kid heard this, and after they were done, asked them, ""What does dick and titties mean?"" They explained that it meant hat and coat. The next day, on thanksgiving morning, the dad was shaving when he accidentally cut himself with the razor. Shit, he said. The kid hears, and asks him what shit means. The dad explains that it's the type of shaving cream he was using. The kid went downstairs, where the mom was stuffing the turkey. She cut herself with her knife just when he entered. Fuck, she said. The kid heard this, and asked ""What does fuck mean?"" She explains to him that it was another word for stuffing. Just then, some guests arrive. The kid opens the door, smiles, and says ""Hello bitches and bastards. You can put your dicks and titties in the closet. Dad is upstairs wiping the shit off his face, and mom is fucking the turkey."""
"whats a Hawaiian witch's favorite spell?" [deleted]
"I'm afraid to tell my mom I accidentally knocked out some of my teeth and swallowed them..." "It's really chewing me up inside."
"To be fair, I think Donald Trump didn't know that..." "The Presidents can't order an insurrection against every government."
"So a guy goes to a $5 lady of the night and he gets crabs (The Std)" "so the next day he goes back to complain. 

And the woman says ""Hey it was only $5, what did you expect lobster?"""
"what’s the difference between a genealogist and a gynaecologist?" "one studies the family tree, the other studies the family bush"
"I googled the ""Pittsburg Steelers"" today and it took me to allrecipes.com..." "How to make a half dozen turnovers."
"Wanna hear an original joke?" 
... 
"Three women die and go to heaven" "There are ducks everywhere on the ground and floors. St. Peter tells them: ""This is Heaven, you can do anything you like, as long as you don't step on a duck. If you step on a duck, you will be punished.""

The first woman tries very carefully to not step on a duck, but slips up and accidentally steps on one. St. Peter ties her up to a decaying stinky old man who coughs and sneezes all the time. He says to her: ""This will be your punishment for an eternity for stepping on a duck.""

The second woman goes a few days without stepping on a duck, but one morning she wakes up, gets out of bed, and accidentally steps on one. St. Peter ties her up to a disgusting old woman who is covered in warts and pus and complains all the time. He says to her: ""This will be your punishment for an eternity for stepping on a duck.""

The third woman saw this and became very careful. She stopped walking altogether and started gliding her feet everywhere. And few hundred years went by and she still hasn't stepped on a duck. St. Peter ties her up to a gorgeous young man for an eternity.

The woman is elated and says to the young man: ""I wonder what I've done to be tied up to you for the rest of eternity!""

The man replies: ""I don't know about you, but I stepped on a duck."""
"I’d buy that for a Dollar 💵" 
"Olivia Wilde is reportedly dating Harry Styles..." "...buckle up Harry, cuz you’re in for a Wilde ride"
"A guy is sitting in a bar, absolutely drooling at a pretty young woman in her short, pink mini-dress." "Using the time-honoured icebreaker, he sends her a drink. ""How lucky am I,"" he thinks, as she gets up to come sit next to him. They strike up a wonderful conversation.

Finally, the girl turns to him and says, ""look, you seem like a really nice guy, so I have to tell you that I'm a working girl. I get two hundred dollars for what you think you'll ply out of me with liquor."" He replies, ""I have no problem with the money, but since you were so straightforward I must tell you that when I come, I go nuts. I bite, scratch, pull hair, break furniture, and just plain destroy the place."" ""Oh my God! How long does that last?"" she asks.

""Just until I get my two hundred bucks back,"" he replies."
"A cellphone goes on trial" "Its guilty as charged"
"What is the difference between the Capitol Building and Mordor?" "One does not simply walk into Mordor"
"Hey girl, are you a math medusa?" "Cuz looking at you makes me feel number."
"Two extraordinarily large horses were sitting at the bar having a beer. A guy walks in and says to the bartender. ""Hey, what's with the Clydesdales?"" Bartender says," """They're draft horses."""
"What do u call a Mongolian with a weak mindset?" "Ghengis Khan't"
"So there was 2 men camping." "One of the men then got mauled by a bear. The other man in a panic quickly got his cellphone and dialed 9-1-1. 

The operator picks up and says ""911 whats your emergency?"" The man says ""The police my friend just got mauled by a bear!"" The operator asks ""Can you make sure he us dead?"" The man replied ""Okay.""

He hops in the van starts it up and then he starts driving and the all of a sudden it goes ""THHUUUMMPP!"""
"The difference between Donald Trump, a wanna be dictator and Kim Jong Un, a real one?" "Kim can still tweet."
"The blonde went to the store to buy number shaped candles for her 20th birthday cake" "She came back disappointed because they only had from 0 to 9."
"My 31 year old self came up with this one. What do you say when you spill a bowl of guacamole?" “Guacward”
"I just saw a car do a magic trick. It drove down the road, then turned into a parking lot." 
"What do you call the milk capital of the world" Mos-cow
"What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to as a kid?" "Elementary my dear Watson"
"I cut the carrots,..." "But I did not cut the celery."
"What do you call it when you cross a female dog and a cigarette?" "A smoking bitch"
"You know that slogan about the Holocaust the Trump supporters use? ""6 million wasn't enough""? Well, I agree with that statement." "The nazis forgot about the mentally retarded, and now we're paying for it"
"Why was the soldier tired after getting dressed?" "He was fatigued"
"An old Lithuanian joke (roughly translated)" "Two men of which one had a really bad stutter decided to climb mount everest. They set up at the bottom, waved to everyone who came to wish them luck and started climbing... Around 8 hours of exhausting climbing later the one with the stutter goes ""I-I-I f-f-f-f"" the other one cuts him off and goes ""You see that ledge up there? Once we get on it we'll take a rest, then you can say what you want."" So they do, about 4more hours later they're at the ledge and he finally lets the stuttering man speak ""I-I-I f-f-forg-got t-t-to p-p-p-pack the t-t-t-tents"". His friend sighs in disappointment and anger, but seeing they have no choice they start climbing back down. About an hour later the stutter once again tries speaking ""I-I-I w-w-w"" but once again he is cut off by his friend, telling him to not waste his breath and  speak once they're at the bottom, by the time they get down it it's the morning of the next day, both of them are exhausted and weak, the man looks at the stutter and goes ""so what did you want to say back up there?"", the stutter grins and goes ""I-I-I w-w-was kid-d-ding"""
"Don't order pizza" "A boy was suffering from domestic abuse, he call the cops and ordered pizza in hopes to receive help.  A police officer showed up with a pizza box and told the boy not to order pizza from the police. ThE pOlIcE tHeN sHoT tHe BoY 27 TiMeS"
"I have the heart of a lion" "and a lifetime ban from the zoo."
"So I have a quick question" "I just wanna ask a question but I dont want to hurt anyone's feelings or offend anyone by asking that, and just wanna make sure that everyone is ready for that question and none gets scared or something and therefore in the process of writing this extremely hard question I think I forgot what I was gonna ask."
"A verb walks up to a noun in a bar" "-- Hey, babe, wanna go back to my place and conjugate?

-- I decline"
"Three men walk into a bar." "They all got concussions."
"On Sunday, I farted in church" "I had to sit in my own pew"
"What did the shivering soothsayer say?" "I’m shaking and scrying rn"
"What do you call a tree that can't dance?" "A logarhythm"
"What do you call a tree the can't dance?" [deleted]
"How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?" "None, they just beat the room for being black."
"I don't like to be told that I have a dad bod" "I prefer father figure"
"That lady broke into the capitol.." "and got to meet Ronald Reagan on the same day."
"The Pope opens up the newspaper, and finds the headline says he has been accused of Matchfixing!" "The Pope opens up the newspaper, and finds the headline says he has been accused of Matchfixing!

Although he doesn't have to, he decides to go to court to clear his name of this slander.

At the courtroom, the prosocuter asks him, ""Is is true that you sent Juventus your thoughts and prayers?""

""Yes."" replies the Pope ""I have been a lifelong Juventus supporter since my youth. I did hope they would win the Final.""

The prosocuter nods, then asks ""Is it true that you bet €20 on the Juventus victory.""

Knowing it is bad to gamble, but deciding that getting caught lying would be even worse, he admits, ""Yes I did, but I don't see how this is matchfixing?""

""Because you self-proclaim you are Gods representative on Earth, your thoughts and prayers have potential to swing the match. Or are you saying even your thoughts and prayers are meaningless?""

The Pope thinks for a moment, then says, ""Just as Jesus fortold Peter disowning him thrice, Jesus told me Juventus would win. Keeping in mind that my winnings go to those in need, I did take advantage of that knowledge.""

No one dared accuse Jesus of Matchfixing, so the Pope was declared innocent. On the way out, his attendant asked him ""Your Holiness, you do realise your gambling account has lost more than its won right? So how could you lie about giving the poor your winnings when you've mainly lost?""

The Pope replied sternly, ""If the needy are going to take my winnings, its only fair that they take my losses too!"""
"What do you call a pig that's angry about being cold?" "A ham brr grr!"
"I dislike the colour purple" "more than blue and red combined."
"Looks like my marriage is on the line." "My wife broke up with her boyfriend."
"Did you hear about the Italian chef who died?" "He pasta-way."
"Why couldn't Billy joel see well?" "He had a cataract-act-act-act"
"Went I got home yesterday I found my wife on the kitchen floor with her best girlfriend lying on top of her, both naked, with flat pasta and tomato sauce all over them." """what is this?""I asked

""What does it look like?"" 

""It looks like a lez on ya!"""
"What is the difference between hungry and horny?" "Where do you stick the cucumber?!"
"They call me terms and conditions" "Cause i am always  ignored"
"Always borrow money from a pessimist." "They’ll never expect it back."
"I just took a Myers-Briggs test." "Turns out I'm a Briggs."
"What do you call a moody polar bear?" "A bipolar bear."
"Two Men in a desert" "Two men are walking through a desert, both thirsty and starving. After 3 whole days of walking around in the desert, they see a house and go as fast as they can. They knock on the door and an 78 year old woman opens the door. They explain their situation and the woman says to them: ""Ok, You can both eat and drink as much as you want, as long as one of you two young men has s\*x with me."" The two men go a few steps away to discuss who should do the job. They agree and one of them goes inside. He snitches a corn out of the kitchen before he goes upstairs to the woman. In disgust he does the job with the corn. When he is finished, he throws the corn out of the window and follows the woman into the kitchen to eat. Finished eating, he remembers his friend outside, waiting for him. He goes to get him and the man who was waiting outside says ""Hey, while you were in there doing it with that old lady, I found a corn laying on the floor outside. And it was sooo buttery!"""
"A man in an old small Fiat is driving through the countryside." "Just when the drive was going well, he ran out of gas. He stepped out of his car to get ready for the long walk to a gas station. Then, a shiny new BMW stopped next to him.

""Do you need help"" the BMW driver asked.

""Yes please, I've ran out of gas and the next gas station is miles away, could you please tow me there?"" the man asked.

""Sure thing, just couple her up!"" The BMW driver replied.

""Before I forget, please don't go too fast, my car can't handle that."" The man said.

""No problem, if I go too fast, just honk and I'll slow down."" The BMW driver answered.

With all that done, the car was coupled up and the pair were on their way. Then, a Porsche appeared and raced past the BMW. Completely forgetting about the man and his Fiat, the BMW driver floored the gas pedal and started racing the Porsche.

Eventually, they raced past a farm. The farmer looked at the spectacle and went inside. ""What's wrong? You look like you've seen a flying pig."" His wife asked. ""Well, I saw a Porsche and a BMW racing, and an old Fiat honking to get by!"""
"Mom, how much does a dumb guy live?" "Mom: Why, are you sick?"
"What did one homosexual Italian say to the other?" """Gayyy, faggot about it"""
"What did one the homosexual Italian say to the other?" [deleted]
"I made a joke about someones mom and she turned out to be dead help" "I made a joke saying my dick was 34 inches and its the only dick able to fit inside his mom then he replied with his mom is dead I genuinely need help im really confused and panicked HELP!!!"
"My scientist wife decided to test the hypothesis that more sex would improve our marriage. It's already been a week, and I've concluded..." "that I'm in the control group."
"A wife asked her husband, ""Honey, will you still love me when I am old and overweight?""" "The man replied, ""Yes, I do."""
"A young man stood at the side of the road and hailed a taxi. When he got in, the driver said, ""Well, that was perfect timing. You're a lot like Frank."" The passenger asks, ""Who's Frank?"" The taxidriver explains, ""Frank Feldman. He also had perfect timing and was always there at just the right time.""" """Ok, but nobody's perfect. Everybody makes mistakes once in a while,"" says the passenger."" ""No, no, not Frank Feldman!"" replies the Taxi driver. ""He was great at everything, sports too. If he'd played tennis, he probably would have won Wimbledon. He would have blown pro golfers out of the water as well. He could even sing like Pavarotti and dance like Michael Jackson. And you should have heard him play piano! What a guy!""

The passenger says, ""Hmmm. This Frank Feldman sounds like a very talented man."" To which the driver says, ""but wait! That's not everything. He had a photographic memory and never forgot a birthday. He knew everything there is to know about fine wine and gourmet food. And he was a real handyman, and could fix anything! When I try to replace a light bulb, the power goes out on the whole block. That would never have happened to Frank. He did everything just right! Never got caught in a traffic jam, and knew every shortcut. Frank never made a mistake. He really knew how to treat a woman too. He was a man of few words, but when he said something it was like poetry. And he was stylish, always well-dressed. His shoes were always perfectly shined until they gleamed in the light. Basically he was the perfect man. Never made a single mistake. There was no other man on this earth that even came close to him."" The Passenger, after hearing all this, says, ""That's really impressive. This Frank Feldman sounds like an amazing man. Where did you meet him?""

""Meet him? I never knew the guy. But I'm married to his widow and this is what I get to hear about him every day!"""
"Tsunami invited Cyclone,Earthquake,and Drought to a tea party." "No one came.

Tsunami had a silent tea."
"Two 1800s farmers are chatting in a field." "Farmer A: Hey Greg, what do you call *a snail with a top-hat?*

Greg: I don't know Farmer A! What **do** you call *a snail with a top-hat?*

Farmer A: I don't know either! Our education system is undeniably broken!

Donkey: Society is crumbling! **\*hee-haw\***"
"I don't like teachers who make me calculate with humans." "They commit math genocide on a daily basis."
"All men are same" "said the woman dating a stormtroopers"
"Where does Kraft Punk go for dating?" "Kraft Singles."
"A husband asks his wife, ""Will you marry after I die?"" The wife responds, ""No, I will live with my sister."" The wife asks him back, ""Will you marry after I die?"" The husband responds," " ""No, I will also live with your sister."""
"What's the difference between a Circus and a Strip Club?" "One is a cunning display of stunts and the other is a stunning display of cunts"
"Do you know why Trump can't enter the White House anymore?" "Because it is forbiden"
"New restaurant" "Did you hear about the new restaurant called Karma?  There is no menu, you get what you deserve."
"What’s brown, stinks, and is always at 7-Eleven?" Cigars
"Why does Santa Clause hate Darth Vader?" "He's always feeling his presents."
"Why is that palm tree reading out your dead grandfather's will?" "Isn't it obvious? He's the Exeggutor of the estate."
"I will never accept Joe Biden as my president" "Because I’m Canadian."
"What is Spider-Man’s favourite video game?" "Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Peter"
"An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar..." "The bartender looks at them and says “Oh my God; I’ll be serving beer continuously until I die”."
"I went down to the paint store to get thinner" "It didn't work."
"What's the difference between raping and rapping?" "Where you put the pp."
"I wanted an Australian Visa. They asked if I had a criminal record." "Didn't know you still need it."
"What do you call a car made in the Central African Republic?" "A CAR car"
"There once was a woman who became horribly addicted to eating little rubber clocks from dollar general..." "eventually she had to stop because it was becoming to time consuming."
"One afternoon late in January 2021, an old man approached the White House..." "...from across Pennsylvania Avenue, where he’d been sitting on a park bench.

He spoke to the U.S. Marine standing guard and said, “I would like to go in and meet with President Trump.” The Marine looked at the man and said, “Sir, Mr. Trump is no longer President and no longer resides here.” The old man said, “Okay”, and walked away.

The following day, the same man approached the White House and said to the same Marine, “I would like to go in and meet with President Trump.” The Marine repeated, “Sir, as I told you yesterday, Mr. Trump is no longer President and no longer resides here.” The man thanked him and, again, just walked away.

The third day, the old man approached the White House and spoke to the very same U.S. Marine, saying again, “I would like to go in and meet with President Trump.” The Marine, understandably irritated at this point, looked at the man and said, “Sir, this is the third day in a row you’ve been here asking to speak to Trump. I’ve told you each time that he’s no longer the President and no longer resides here. Don’t you get it?” The old man looked at the Marine and said,..”Oh, I understand, I just love hearing it.”

The Marine snapped to attention and said, “See you tomorrow, Sir.”"
"Today I learned about the links between high intelligence and depression" "I just wish it made me feel better...."
"A viral poem..." "The plauge was rats,

COVID was the bats,

I'm sensing a pattern,

*sideways glancing at my cats*"
"My girlfriend left me because I apparently never listen..." "She could have had the courtesy to tell me."
"The Asylum" "



(OC) The attendants at the asylum saw one of the residents writing on himself one day and they moved in for a closer look. It appeared that he was writing full sentences on himself with the beginning of each sentence starting at his head and the punctuation was always at his feet. The next day they found the resident motionless on the floor. No one could wake him. As they searched his body for a sign, they came to his feet and everything became clear.


He was comma toes"
"What do you call a mean hen?" "A motherclucker"
"The story of the purple ping pong balls..." "(this didn't do too well in r/antijokes so I'll test the waters here)

A billionaire decided that he wanted to give his hard working son whatever he wanted for his 16th birthday. So, when he asked his son what he wanted, the son only replied, ""dad, I want 1,000 cases of purple ping pong balls."" The dad was perplexed and a little flustered at the unusual request, but he loved his son so he had a thousand cases of purple ping pong balls trucked into their mansion.

The next year, on the son's 17th birthday, the billionaire once again asks his son what he wants for his birthday. He offered him a boat, or a car, or the lastest and greatest technology. But the son only answered ""this time, I want 10,000 cases of purple ping pong balls."" Once again, the billionaire was confused, but he obliged and had the ping pong balls trucked in to their mansion for his son

Finally, on his 18th birthday, the billionaire asks his son what he wants. ""I can get you a bigger boat, a plane, your own house. I can even buy you a gun, since you're old enough."" But, of course, the son answers ""this time, I'll take a new car. But with that car, I want 1,000,000 cases of purple ping pong balls."" Literal boat loads of purple ping pong balls were brought in to their mansion for their son and the son was happy. 

Unfortunately, the son was out with friends in his new car and was involved in an unfortunate car accident. All of his friends were killed instantly and the son was thrown from the car. When the ambulance showed up, they called the billionaire to come to the hospital immediately. When he got there, he was told by the doctor that the kid wasn't going to make it. 

The billionaire was sad, but he wanted to comfort his son in his final moments. He sat down by his son's bedside and said ""son, I love you. I know death is scary but it will be okay...

""Before you drift off, I need to ask you an important question...what was the purpose of the purple ping pong balls? I have to know.""

The son pulled his father close, whispered into his ear 

""I- I- I-""

And then died"
"My first post, be gentle" "A man is driving down the road and breaks down near a monastery. He goes to the monastery, knocks on the door, and says, “My car broke down. Do you think I could stay the night?” The monk graciously accepts him, feeds him dinner, and even fixes his car. As the man tries to fall asleep, he hears a strange sound. The next morning, he asks the monks what the sound was, but they say, “We can’t tell you. You’re not a monk.” The man is disappointed but thanks them anyway and goes about his merry way. Some years later, the same man breaks down in front of the same monastery. The monk accepts him, feeds him, and even fixes his car. That night, he hears the same strange noise that he had heard years earlier. The next morning, he asks what it is, but the monks reply, “We can’t tell you. You’re not a monk.” The man says, “All right, all right. I’m dying to know. If the only way I can find out what that sound was is to become a monk, how do I become a monk?” The monk reply, “You must travel the earth and tell us how many blades of grass there are and the exact number of sand pebbles. When you find these numbers, you will become a monk.” The man sets about his task. Forty-five years later, he returns and knocks on the door of the monastery. He says, “I have traveled the earth and have found what you have asked for. There are 145,236,284,232 blades of grass and 231,281,219,999,129,382 sand pebbles on the earth.” The monk reply, “Congratulations. You are now a monk. We shall now show you the way to the sound.” The monk leads the man to a wooden door, where the head monk says, “The sound is right behind that door.” The man reaches for the knob, but the door is locked. He says, “Real funny. May I have the key?” The monks give him the key, and he opens the door. Behind the wooden door is another door made of stone. The man demands the key to the stone door. The monks give him the key, and he opens it, only to find a door made of ruby. He demands another key from the monks, who provide it. Behind that door is another door, this one made of sapphire. So it went until the man had gone through doors of emerald, silver, topaz, and amethyst. Finally, the monks say, “This is the last key to the last door.” The man is relieved to no end. He unlocks the door, turns the knob, and behind that door he is amazed to find the source of that strange sound. But I can’t tell you what it is because you’re not a monk."
"What is the difference between Q followers and flat earthers?" "At least the earth exists!"
"How are dogs like sperm donors?" "Just ask, and they’ll come."
"My mom got upset when I showed her my new piercing..." "She told me not to pull my dick out at the dinner table."
"I just saw Orlando Bloom Tweet a Picture of his magnificent Lego collection." "What a shame if a burglar got hold of them, then he would be
Legoless........"
"What do call a Hispanic fella that ran out of protein powder?" "No-whey Jose."
"What measuring system do they use in the Star Wars universe?" "Kylometers. My son is proud of that one!"
"What do you call a surrogate mother in the White House?" "The secret cervix."
"It's the year 2220 and we have a president facing the most embarrassing impeachment in history. I'll give you a big hint..." [deleted]
"A man goes to the eye doctor." "He sits down and the receptionist asks  him why he is there. The man complains, ""I keep seeing spots in front of  my eyes.""

The receptionist asks, ""Have you ever seen a doctor?"" to  which the man replies, ""No, just spots."""
"Therapist: I think you have a pathological fear of getting married. Do you understand the symptoms?" "Man: I can’t say I do.

Therapist: Exactly!"
"Which type of jokes should not be cracked before persons suffering from a fracture?" "Bone-tickling.


(Made up when I suffered one.)"
"Why do mermaids wear seashells?" 
"Irritable Bowel Syndrome saved me from depression..." "It’s hard to feel empty when you’re so full of shit."
"Did you hear about the horse who had to go to court?" "At first he was gonna lie, but then the judge reminded him he was under oats."
"What steam game titles sum up Trump's time as president?" "Deported: Drain the Swamp, Deported 2: Build That Wall, and Golf with Your Friends."
"Easiest way to lose belly fat" "Select-&gt; cut -&gt; copy absimg.png -&gt; paste."
"I’ve never finished a crossword, but I never give up." "I just can’t seem to take a hint."
"Why did the author go to the emergency room?" "He had a semi in his colon"
"How is a box of donuts like a gun?" "Whenever you say you’ll bring one to school, everyone starts being nice to you."
"You know who really benefitted under Trump?" "Big Rapper"
"What's the best game to play with your 0 - 3 month old?" Football
"What's black and white and explodes?" "a BANGuin."
"What’s black and good for nothing but playing basketball?" "A basketball hoop"
"HIV as pandemic" "A guy moves to a city in somewhere around. And learns that there are a lot of HIV cases going on around neighbours. Calls his father and tells 'papa there are a lot of HIV cases here :( but dont worry, will figure that out, and let u know'.

Father answers; Oh boy, be becareful! You could get that! 

Guy answers: I wont, but what did you mean by ""you could get that?""

Father: Oh no boi, this is pandemic, if you get that, your girlfriend could get that too. If your gf gets that, I could get that from her. If i get that, ur aunt may get that from me. If your aunt get that, ur grandpa may get that fro.. 

:|"
"Did you hear what the president tweeted today?!" "Yeah, me neither"
"The last time I went to a Kodak black concerts they checked me for weapons..." "They made sure I had one on me"
"A kid walks in the back door from playing outside..." "His dad says, ""Where's your sister?""

""She's out in the tree house, blowing bubbles.""

The dad goes back to reading his paper.

A few minutes later, a strange boy walks in the back door asking to use the bathroom.

""Who the hell are you?"" the dad says.

""I'm Bubbles."""
"I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather did." 
"A horse walks into a bar..." "And the bartender, thinking himself a comedian, asks ""why the long face?""
.
.
.
.
.
.
After a brief silence, the horse huffs and replies, ""my wife is terminally ill."""
"I used to think I was smart." "

But now I'm certain."
"Some people say that firefighters deserve more money, but apparently a poll was taken and they all fell through a hole in the floor" 
"“QAnon was a scam. Lesson learned, time to move on”" "— RAnon supporters"
"Why is eat the rich unpopular in the middle east?" "They don't eat pork over there"
"Poor Nabib has to travel 6 miles every day for fresh water on a bike with no wheels or seat" "For just £3 a month we can send you a video, it's funny as fuck!"
"What do you call ""Ratatouille"" if it was an R-rated '90s gangster film?" """Ratatata"""
"Zombie March" "Zombie leader: ""What do we want?""

Zombies: ""Brains!""

Zombie leader: ""And when do we want them?""

Zombies: ""Brains!"""
"What did God say to Saint Peter, when giving him control of the weather?" "You have free rain!

(had this idea in the shower, so it's technically a shower thought?)"
"NASA hired Stanley Kubrick to help fake the moon landings" "But he was such a perfectionist, he filmed on location."
"what's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants ?" "One's a crusty bus station and one's a busty crustacean"
"What do you call a Dr Who that travels through time?" "David TENET"
"That moment when you need to park your car," "and you turn down the music so you can see better"
"Boss shows up at a job site" "Boss: ""Bob where were you I've been looking for you since morning!!!!! It's lunch time already!!!!""

Bob: ""Boss, a good employee is hard to find."""
"What do Gandhi and Sonic the Hedgehog have in common?" "They gotta go fast."
"My mom got upset when I showed her my new piercing..." "She told me not to pull my dick out at the dinner table."
"Sadly, the days of proper English are went." [deleted]
"My girl was making too much noise" "So I sprayed some WD-40 on her.

(Option)
And now, shes giving me the silent treatment."
"Two guys wanna go bar hopping, but they are broke." "So they try to think of a plan.

One guy thought of something: ""Hey I got an idea. I have a pack of hot dogs here. Why don't I bring them to every bar we go to. We run up our tab, and when we're ready to leave, I'll put a hot dog in my pants and you pretend you're blowing me. People freak out and we get kicked out without paying."" 

The other guy thinks it's a good idea. So they do this bar after bar and keep getting kicked out, so the plan is working. At about the 8th bar, the other guy is starting to get tired and complain.

""Man we should go home now. I'm getting exhausted. I'm tired, my neck hurts from all of this pretend blowing I'm doing. I think I'm done.""

They guy with the hot dogs says, ""You think YOU got it bad? I ran out of hot dogs 3 bars ago!"""
"Biden will not be my president... Never..." "But welcome back America and greetings from Germany..."
"I heard a pillow won an award..." "...despite being the sleeper"
"What does a nurse say when she finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket?" 
"Little person in the grocery line" "I was in line at the grocery store yesterday and behind me in line was a dwarf or little person or whatever is the right word to call him. I chatted with him about the weather and during our conversation he mentioned his wife. I couldn’t help but ask if she was of the same stature as him or not. He said she was a little person too. Then I asked if they had any trouble finding jobs and how they made a living. He said they do pretty good but admitted that they both struggle to put food on the table."
"What do you call a Japanese woman with a rash on her knee?" "Itchy knee Soo."
"I heard Kinder will stop selling some of their products in Spain" "It’s no “Bueno”"
"Yo mama so fat..." "That she consumed more calories than Hiroshima"
"Dear Math," "I am sick and tired of trying to find your 'x.'

Just accept the fact that she is gone and move on!

&amp;#x200B;

This was on a poster at my school and I just randomly thought of it. I'm putting it here just in case anyone hasn't seen it yet"
"What do you call a Japanese woman with a rash on her knee?" "Itchy knee Soo"
"Where did the dinosaur have their Bar Mitzvah?" "Jewrassic Park"
"Previous generations had Wonder Woman" "My generation has to wonder if shes a woman"
"A redneck gets his shotgun and goes to his Mexican neighbor" "Redneck: ""You monster! You will pay for your crime!""


Mexico: ""Whoa! Slow down neigborino! What did I do ?""


Redneck: ""You Mexicans killed poor Davy Crockett at Alamo!""


Mexican: ""But that was like 200 years ago""


Redneck: ""Yeah, but  I only found out today"""
"So a black guy and a Latino guy and an Asian guy are all walking together!" "A man walks up to them with a knife and says “if your dick sizes don’t add up to 20 inches, then you’re all getting stabbed”. The black guy pulls it out and it’s 12 inches. The Latino guy pulls it out and it’s 7 inches. The Asian guys pulls it out and it’s 1 inch. The man with the knife says “you’re all very lucky” and walks off.

After the man walks away, the black guy says “you guys are lucky I’m black”.

The Latino guy then says “you guys are lucky I’m Latino”.

The Asian guy then says “you guys are lucky I had a boner”."
"What’s the best thing about switzerland" "idk but there flags a huge plus"
"About an hour ago, my mother said: ""you're not even listening to what I'm saying are you?""" "Which I thought was a very weird way to start a conversation."
"About an hour ago my mother yelled at me ""You're note even listening to what I'm saying are you?""" "And i think that is a very weird way to start a conversation."
"A man walks into a store and is soon greeted by the proprietor." "The proprietor asks, ""Hello, sir can I interest you in anything today? Perhaps some camouflage pants and jacket? Ninja robes? Soft padded shoes? An invisibility cloak?

The man waves him off and says, ""Oh, no thank you, sir, I am independently stealthy."""
"What do you call a Russian napkin?" "A soviette"
"On my first day working at a bank an old lady walked in and asked if I could help her check her balance." "I said, ""Ma'am, are you sure?""

She replied, ""Yes if you don't mind.""

So I gave her a slight push and she tipped right over."
"What travels the world by staying in his corner ?" "A stamps"
"You know the term ""Delusions of Grandeur""?" "I invented it."
"There are 2 unwritten rules for having sex" "



1)                                2)"
"There are 2 unwritten rules for having sex" [deleted]
"There are 2 unwritten rules for having sex" " 



1) 


2)"
"There was a young lady named Sally" "Who enjoyed the occasional dally.

She sat on the lap of a well-endowed chap

and said, ""Sir, you're right up my alley!"""
"Teach a man to light a fire and he will be warm for the night" "Light a man on fire and he will be warm for life"
"As I handed r/Jokes its 100th repost they said..." """You know you've still got many more left, right?"""
"Why did the prostitute fare so poorly in Finland?" "She wouldn’t let them Finnish."
"How do you make pickled bread?" "Dill dough"
"How is Bill Cosby like Santa Claus?" "Neither will come unless you're asleep"
"4 men are in the hospital waiting rooms, because their wives are having babies." "A nurse goes up to the first guy and says, “Congratulations, you’re a father of twins.” 

The man says, “That’s a crazy coincidence, because I work for the Minnesota Twins.”

The nurse says to the second guy, “Congratulations, you’re the father of triplets.” 

The man says, “That’s a crazy coincidence, I work for the 3M Company.”

The nurse tells the third guy, “Congratulations, you’re the father of quadruplets.”

The man says, “That’s a crazy coincidence, I work for the four seasons hotel.” 
 
The last man is freaking out and banging his head against the wall. 

The nurse asks him, “What’s wrong? Are you okay?”

He replies, “No, I’m screwed! I work for 7UP.”"
"Teach a man to fish, he’ll eat for a day" "Turn a man into a fish and it’s technically not cannibalism"
"Where do dads learn how to tell their jokes?" "In the delivery room."
"Not to brag, but right in the middle of doing the deed, I asked my new French-American girlfriend what she thought of the size of my manhood..." "She cried “Oui! Oui! Oui!”"
"Not to brag, but right in the middle of doing the deed, I asked my new French girlfriend what she thought of the size of my manhood..." "She cried “Oui! Oui! Oui!”"
"I don't know why some people use fractions instead of decimals" "It's pointless."
"My wife said to me, ""I wish you would make love to me like you did when we were courting""" "So I took her to the back of the bike shed at school and got her pregnant again."
"""After the General lost his manhood in the war, he went completely insane and started trying to get it back anyway possible.""" """Well, the explains the dismembered new recruits."""
"There was a man named Ray Berkowitz who, unfortunately for him, was not blessed in the looks department." "For a long time he thought he would never meet a woman. But one day he met a nice woman who was also far from pretty and they ended up getting married... and she got pregnant.

They decided that if it was a boy they were gonna name him Charles.

One day while Ray was out of town for work he got a call from his wife that she was going into labor. He rushed back but didn’t make it before she gave birth... and she called him to tell him it was a healthy baby boy. He drove all night and all day and finally made it to the hospital.

He was so excited he rushed straight to the maternity ward and to the nursery where he found a big glass room with a big sign above the door [BEAUTIFUL BABIES]

Excitedly he rushed in, “I want to see my son!”

The nurse asked for the name

“Charles Berkowitz”

The nurse looked at the list and said “sorry sir, your kid isn’t here, try the next nursery down the hall”.

Perplexed, Ray walked down the fall to another big glass room with another big sign [AVERAGE BABIES]

Alright, he though, and walked in. “I want to see my son”

Name please

“Charles Berkowitz”

The nurse looks over her list and says “sorry sir, not here, try the nursery down the hall”.

So the man walks down the hall to find another room with a big sign [UGLY BABIES]

Shit... he thought. But nonetheless walked in smiling and said “I want to see my son, Charles Berkowitz”

The nurse looks over her list and frowns... “sorry sir, try the next nursery down the hall”

Dejected... the man walks down the hall to a room that wasn’t glass, that had a smaller sign over the door [HIDEOUS BABIES]

Sadly... he walks in. “Please... I want to see my son... Charles Berkowitz”

The nurse looks down at her list and shakes her head. “I’m sorry, he’s not here. Try the next nursery down the hall”

What the hell? He angrily walks down another long hallway that ends in a single steel door with a little plaque on it [CHARLES BERKOWITZ]"
"How do you make a plumber sad?" "Murder his dog."
"what do you call a black trans person?" "tigger. they hop from one sex to another :)."
"Nicola Sturgeon is being shown around an Edinburgh hospital when one of the patients sits up in bed and exclaims:" """Fair fa' your honest sonsie face, great chieftain o' the pudden race!""

Before Nicola can respond, another patient responds: ""Wee, sleekit, cowerin', timorous beastie! O what a panic's in thy breastie!""

while a third one chimes in with ""Some hae meat and cannae eat, and some wad eat that want it!""

She turns a puzzled face upon her doctor escort and says ""Is this the psychiatric ward, then?""

And he replies, ""Och, no...

""It's the Burns Unit!"""
"Three old women are sitting at a park bench, talking about the weather" "when suddenly a naked man runs past them. Th first woman has a stroke. the second one has a stroke as well. the third one almost had a stroke, but her arms were too short."
"What do wombats and South African cocktails have in common?" "Arse cubes"
"I hope y'all get it" " If a dog could talk he would not be able to finish a knock knock joke."
"This one is stolen comment" "Kong:""Save MOTHRA....""
Godzilla:""why did you say that NAMEEEE"""
"The sign on the door read “To succeed, please enter”." "I walked in to find a naked man.

“Hello, I’m Ceed!” He said."
"People that grow facial hair as they get fatter" "Are morebeardly obese."
"What’s over 50% water and comes in your drink at the bar?" "A horny bartender"
"Just caught a disgusting pervert on the bus." "He was recording me masturbate."
"So there's this french murder running rampant around town." "One of his victims said ""Mercy!"" The french guy just said ""you're welcome"" and shot him"
"What do you call a cheap circumcision ?" "#  A rip-off!"
"(True story I can't stop laughing) Was coming home from lunch with both my elder brothers and my mother and..." "(Middle Sibling): A vagina is just a penis-flytrap. 

Me: ***breaks out laughing***

Mother: Oh, that's vile! *laughing herself*

We go to unlock the door and I'm still laughing

Mother: Don't encourage him to milk it!

Me: (instantly) *NICE JOKE*"
"Why don't Chinese people care about mass surveillance?" "Because after the 1 child policy, nobody remembers what a big brother is, anyway."
"I can hear a police officer listening to Motionless in White down the street" "Oh god, I'm gonna be fined."
"My wife bought me 2 Amazon Alexa's for christmas." """why two?"" I asked.

""You asked me for them!"" She said.

Stupid woman... I asked her for A Lexus."
"A gambler walks into an underground casino with $100 in cash." "He immediately heads for the roulette table and slams it all down on red 34. 

The roulette wheel spins... and.... black 26. 

Just like that, he loses all of his money. 

He walks over to the Casino Manager and begs him for an alternative method of payment so he can continue betting. The Casino Manager nods and explains that they've become so efficient at cutting off people's limbs, that they can take off his leg without him bleeding out. A leg fetches a pretty penny on the blackmarket, so they'll give him 500 bucks for it. 

He agrees, so the Casino Manager calls over security who proceed to knock the gambler out. They hack off his leg, sealing it immediately with a scoldering iron. 

The gambler wakes up, less one leg and a terrible headache, but with 500 bucks in one hand. He hops over to the roulette table and slams the 500 down on red 34. 

The roulette wheel spins... and.... red 7.

The gambler crawls back over to the Casino Manager and asks if they accept arms. 

Slightly bewildered, the Casino Manager agrees and they remove his arm. 

The gambler wakes up minus one leg and an arm, but 500 bucks in his remaining hand. 

He hops back over to the roulette table and slams the 500 down on red 34. 

The roulette wheel spins... and.... Black 24.

Hopping back over to the Casino Manager, he insists he takes the other leg.

The gambler wakes up in a heap on the floor... no legs, one arm, and 500 bucks. 

He drags himself along the floor like some mutilated cyborg from a terminator movie and slams the 500 down on red 34. 

The roulette wheel spins... and.... Black 13.

He drags himself back over to the casino manager and asks them to take his last limb. After some thought, they do it and the guy wakes up with no arms, no legs and 500 bucks stuffed in his mouth. 

He rolls over to the roulette table and spits the 500 onto red 34.

The roulette wheel spins... and.... red 18.

The guy rolls back along the floor until he reaches the casino manager's feet, but before he could say anything, the casino manager slips $120 into his top pocket. 

""Sir, may I suggest something"", begins the Casino Manager, ""Quit while you're a head""."
"I threw a boomerang a few years ago..." "...and now I am living in constant fear."
"How did Alexa feel after it ate an iPhone?" Sirieal
"How did Alexa after it ate an iPhone?" Sirieal
"What is Gepetto's favorite cereal?" "I know you think it's Pinnochi-o's, but it's actually Cheerios. They're whittle o's. Though I guess both woodwork."
"What do we say about cake days?" "No upvotes today..."
"My exwife is having some renovations done to her bathroom" "She asked to if she could come bath at my house while the plumbing is out. I reluctantly agreed. When she got over she asked ""If I had a bathbomb that i could throw into the water?""

I answered excitedly, ""for you? Of course I do! 

She got really upset when I started plugging in the toaster."
"Today I found out that it takes a school of piranha 1 minute to devour a child." "However, I have now lost my job in the aquarium."
"I finally watched all 8 seasons of Game Of Thrones!" "
On pornhub..."
"Why did the two blondes freeze to death at the drive in cinema?" "They went to see “Closed for the Winter”."
"I saw an anti-vaxxers 4 year old son throwing a tantrum at the grocery store yesterday." "You can say he was having a midlife crisis"
"Why does the duneworm hide under ground?" "Because he Is shai"
"Do you call a place where they stir fry tropical birds?" "Parrot Dice"
"What did digital clock say to Grandfather clock?" """Look Grandpa, no hands!"""
"1 stolen joke is a coincidence,2 stolen jokes is a mistake,3 stolen jokes is a pattern but" "All jokes stolen is r/jokes"
"Joe Biden’s daddy comes to visit him for the first time since becoming President" "His daddy upon arrival sincerely requests that Biden that undoes all the chaos and destruction President Trump was responsible for the past 4 years in office.

He then asks Joe Biden to strengthen and restore America’s image and influence on the world stage and make amends with the countries and alliances President Trump harmed over the past 4 years. Expanding on this, Joe Biden’s daddy requests that the USA end the trade war and tarrifs President Trump put on China, the United States largest trading partner and a country that millions of Americans rely on for trade and manufacturing. He goes on and says that the Unites States and China need to end this bitter rivalry exacerbated by President Trump and seek to achieve a amicable relationship in the face of this global pandemic.

Upon hearing this, Joe Biden forces a smile and says “ Of course President Jinping, anything else I can do for you?”"
"My bestfriend and roommate is a teacher and he had a heart attack during an online class. He seemed confused, his face became red, and he couldn't elaborate what he wanted to say." "So I rushed in and rescued him by discussing his lesson."
"Why are DJs so bad at fishing?" "They always drop the bass"
"My dad always used to say that “The man gets the last word in a conversation always.”" "“Yes ma’am.”"
"Many people call their animals ""fur babies"" but," "As soon as I start calling children ""skin dogs"", suddenly I'm the worst pediatrician in this hospital!"
"What’s the worst school to drop out of?" "Obviously, flight school"
"I hear that it's easier to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods" "but it's harder to deter gents."
"Abandonment issues:" "they've stayed with me my whole life"
"Some people are like clouds." "When they disappear it’s a brighter day."
"What is Owen Wilson's favorite video game?" Wow.
"An old man was looking at the sky and crossing the road..." "A motorcyclist was about to hit him... he managed to avoid him and yelled at the old man, ""Look where you are going or go where your are looking ""


Translated from Marathi. I heard it from a friend."
"How is a chess player like an Australian who's about to leave a restaurant?" "They're both looking for a checkmate."
"Normally the name aaron is an easy name to pronounce" "however my dad always calls me aafailure"
"To figure out if someone is old enough for you, divide your age by 2 and add 7" """Oh THAT'S what I did wrong! I thought it was divide by 7 and add 2!"" - Jared Fogle"
"A new navy enlistee is getting a tour of the ship." "There was someone named John that just joined the navy and the captain was giving him a tour of the ship, John says to the captain ""Cap'n, I see that there are no women aboard, how can I, ya know, pleasure myself"" the captain then responds ""Follow me"" The captain takes John to an empty room with a barrel and says ""go ahead john, try the barrel out"" and John replies ""what?"" ""you heard me go pleasure yourself with the barrel over there, trust me its the best sex you'll ever have"" John then goes in the room and comes out in 15 minutes saying ""wow your right, that's the best sex I've had in my life"" the captain says ""you can use the barrel every day besides Tuesday"" John says ""why not Tuesdays cap'n"" The captain then responds ""Because that's your day in the barrel"""
"Should I beat my wife?" "I know it's wrong, and I know it's bad, but I'm going completely nuts. 

Being trapped at home because of the virus is making me crazy, and I can hardly focus anymore. 

I can't always let her win at chess."
"How do you lure a pervert?" "Just make sure you add the NSFW tag."
"What do you call a Latina with a flat butt?" "Bottomless Margarita"
"Did you hear about the kidnapping at the school?" "It's OK, he woke up."
"I keep googling “what is the definition of insanity” to find a joke I heard a while ago..." "But I keep getting the same results"
"There was an actress called Anne." "There was an actress called Anne.
She had two choices.
But she succumbed to Love &amp; other drugs.
But we all shouldn't forget that
Anne Hath a Way"
"Why can’t orphans play baseball?" "They don’t know where home is."
"Whats better than getting a gold medal at the special olympics?" "Not being retarded!"
"Do you know how to avoid clickbait?" "Obviously not."
"My son asked me where does poo come from" "I sighed and explained it to him in great detail. He then looked at me perplexed and said ""well what about Tigger?"""
"A man is drying off from the locker room shower after a round of golf at the country club." "Suddenly, a phone on the bench next to him rings, so he picks it up and puts it on speakerphone.

A woman’s voice says, “Hi, honey, are you at the club?”

Every man in the room turns around and looks at him. The man answers and says, “Yeah, I’m at the club, where are you?”

The woman goes, “I’m at the mall, and I was just browsing around when I saw this beautiful leather coat! It’s only $12,000, would you be okay with me buying it?”

The man chuckles and says, “Of course honey, go ahead.”

The woman then goes, “Thank you, honey! Oh, and I saw this stylish purse on sale! It’s kind of expensive. It costs $64,000. Could I get that as well?”

The man thinks for a second, then says, “Yeah, no problem. It’ll probably go well with your coat.”

The woman excitedly laughs before saying, “Oh my god, thank you so much! Before I forget, the dealer called about that Mercedes we were looking at together a few days ago. They have it in red, and it costs-“

The man cuts her off, and all the men look at each other, thinking it was all over.

Then, the man says, “Whatever he offers, take it, but if it’s a steep price, tell him to give you all the options at that point.”

It took a minute before the woman yelled, “Thank you honey! I’ll see you later tonight!”

The phone clicks, and the man looks up to see everyone in the locker room staring at him, dumbfounded.

He holds out the phone and says, “Anyone know whose phone this is?”"
"My doctor started lecturing me on the dangers of having sex with my girlfriend who is a third my age. I cut him short." "“If she dies she dies.” I said."
"Justice is best served cold." "Because if it's served warm, it would be justwater"
"What do you call a blind German?" "A Not-see!"
"I recently became a vegetarian." "Thought I would hate it but turns out not to be a missed steak."
"What did the Dentist say when he was being prosecuted in court?" "YOU CANT HANDLE THE TOOTH!!!!!!"
"A student who was learning ice-skating got into an argument with her instructor." "I guess you could say she was *on thin ice.*"
"I'm a 10. Let me explain to you why." "HA. 

Got you there. 

Really only a 5.




High (5)"
"What was Saddam Husain’s dick called?" [deleted]
"You know what really kills me?" Strangulation
"I was driving around the other day and got lost in a suburb, and I kept seeing these signs saying “SLOW CHILDREN”" "I’ve gotta say, those signs are VERY accurate.
Not ONE of those fuckers got out of my way."
"Do you hear about the man who died playing an erotic video game?" "He had his final fantasy."
"Cake joke for cake day" "Little Johhny is walking around and peaks in his parents room, catching them having sex so he asks, “What are you guys doing?” and they reply “Nothing, nothing! we’re just uh, making cake” and they send him away. 

So he continues walking around and he hears some strange noises coming from his brothers room so he walks in and catches his brother and his girlfriend having sex and then asks him “What are you guys doing?” and his brother yells “Get out! were making cake!” So Johnny leaves and goes to his room.

The next day the whole family is at the dinner table and Little Johnny turns to his brother and says “So, you were making another cake this morning huh!” and he replies “Yes! How'd you know!?!?” and Johnny replies “Because, I licked the icing off the couch."""
"Whats the best way to fuck with a teacher's pet" "Give it the D"
"What do you call a cow with three legs?" "Tri tip!
How about Two legs? 
Lean beef!
How about One leg?
Steak!
How about No legs?
Ground beef!"
"What is the difference between a bag and a basket?" "They both start with B!"
"A mom is cleaning her 13 year old sons room" "Upon entering the closet, she finds whips, gags, and other bdsm type toys. “What do we do?” She asked her husband. “I’m no expert” he says, “but don’t you dare spank him”"
"Q: How did you meet your husband? A: I'm a pharmacist. He came in to buy condoms and asked for XXXXL." "After we got married I realized that he sometimes stutters."
"There was this famous cheese maker" "He made this cheese that would expanded grow when melted. 
He was driving while drinking scotch and got into a accident with a school bus. The court case going as expected he was sentenced to death by electrocution. As a last meal request he asked for a quarter of a wheel of his world famous cheese. When the Executioner asked for any last words he said ""looks like I'm closing shop for good."" When the switch flipped the cheese expanded and grew so much that it poured out any cavity it could find. The only thing that electricutioner could say was ""holy shit that was cheesy"""
"The magical world of Harry Potter is a cast system." "*Ba dum tss*"
"Mrs. Dugan and Mrs. Riley were talking one day about Mr. Riley and his constant drinking. Mrs. Dugan said, ""I have an idea about how to stop him from spending so much time at the pub." "Every night he comes home through the cemetery. One night you should get disguised and spook him when he comes staggering through."" So Mrs. Riley waited in the cemetery one night until she heard her husband coming. She jumped up and a startled Riley said, ""Who are you??"" Mrs. Riley replied, ""I am the devil!"" With that, Riley shook her hand and said, ""Glad to meet ya, I'm married to your sister."""
"Young Son: Is it true, Dad, I heard that in some parts of Africa a man doesn't know his wife until he marries her?" "Dad: That happens in most countries, son."
"For Christmas, I bought my wife a world map and gave her a dart. I told her to throw it and wherever it lands, we will go on vacation after this pandemic is over." "Turns out we are spending two weeks behind the fridge."
"Oxford University researchers have discovered the densest element yet known to science." "The new element, Governmentium (symbol=Gv), has one neutron, 25 assistant neutrons, 88 deputy neutrons and 198 assistant deputy neutrons, giving it an atomic mass of 312.  
These 312 particles are held together by forces called morons, which are surrounded by vast quantities of lepton-like particles called pillocks.  
Since Governmentium has no electrons, it is inert. However, it can be detected, because it impedes every reaction with which it comes into contact.  
A tiny amount of Governmentium can cause a reaction that would normally take less than a second, to take from 4 days to 4 years to complete.  
Governmentium has a normal half-life of 2 to 6 years.  
It does not decay, but instead undergoes a reorganisation in which a portion of the assistant neutrons and deputy neutrons exchange places.  
In fact, Governmentium's mass will actually increase over time, since each reorganisation will cause more morons to become neutrons, forming isodopes.  
This characteristic of moron promotion leads some scientists to believe that Governmentium is formed whenever morons reach a critical concentration.  
This hypothetical quantity is referred to as a critical morass.  
When catalysed with money, Governmentium becomes Administratium (symbol=Ad), an element that radiates just as much energy as Governmentium, since it has half as many pillocks but twice as many morons."
"Clothes make the man (Joke from my nephew)" "What's the difference between a sharp-dressed fellow on a bicycle and a raggedy looking guy on a unicycle?

Attire."
"What did Donald Trump say as they escorted him out of the White House?" "I did Nazi this coming."
"For the musicians out there:" "Q: How many bluegrass musicians does it take to change a light bulb?

A: Five. One to change the bulb and four to bitch about how it's electric."
"I feel bad for all the beatboxers trying to find work." "They won't be able to get a job at Amazon or UPS."
"How many social justice warriors does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Trick question. They can't change anything and expect it to work"
"It is not polite to call people White Trash" "The proper label is white non-recyclables

&amp;#x200B;

Yeah ok it's not great but it's what I got"
"What time did Sean Connery watch Wimbledon?" Tenish
"A man sees a woman and says ""Good gravy! You're beautiful!""" "The woman says ""I am a witch, and if you say 'Good gravy' again I will turn you into a frog.""

The man, skeptical of this claim, says ""Good gravy!"", and she turns him into a frog.

The frog says ""Ribbit! Ribbit! Good flies!"""
"As a kid I always insisted on having olive oil on my pasta instead of meat sauce." "Maybe that is why I am a virgin."
"So my brother got an exorcism" "Went fine until he fell arrears on the payments and got repossessed"
"One day young Putin woke up and didn’t feel like going to school. He was so tired he missed two entire schooldays" "These became Saturday and Sunday"
"What has 3 balls and floats through outer space?" "E.T., The Extra Testicle"
"Mother is sitting on a chair on the patio while Son is inside playing video games." [deleted]
"Someone from the nazi army sneezes..." "Thus breaking the command of staying still Hitler yells ""who sneezed?"" Nobody talks, so he executes the first row. Again he yells ""who sneezed?"", nobody talks so he executes the second row, he goes to the third row and yells ""who sneezed?"" A man from the third row knows he's gonna get executed anyway even if he doesn't talk so he wants to at least save his friends, and walks forward saying: ""I sneezed sir"".

Hitler says: God bless you"
"I heard Donald Trump is going to host a new game show!" "It’s going to be called “Who wants to sue a Millionaire?”"
"The jury wanted to know why the man had killed his wife with an axe." "The man replied “you don’t understand, I didn’t mean to kill my wife, it was an accident!”"
"what is a straight males favourite bird?" boobies
"Adam bored in the garden of Eden" "God walks through the garden of Eden and sees Adam slumped against a tree and walks over for a chat.
“Hey Adam! Wasssap!?” (N.B this is the true origin of this phrase)
“Hey God” said Adam, “you know, this place is pretty amazing and all but I’m just so BORED! It’s nice to chat to you but you’re off so often making stuff, I just get so lonely”.
“I tell you what” said God, “how about I make you the perfect partner? Incredible in every way, truly the one you would go to the ends of the earth for - but it will literally cost you an arm and a leg. What do you think?”
“An arm and a leg? Hmmm, geez...

What can I get for a rib?”"
"Two antennas got married." "The reception was wonderful."
"- You were kicked out of church for calling them wholesome?!" "\- Yes! 

\- What did you say, *exactly?*

\- I just said: “I used to be handsome, until one lucky day I had a threesome, and now I finally see myself in a room full of wholesome!”"
"What's seven inches long and starts with a p?" [deleted]
"My uncle used to circumcise elephants. The pay was terrible, but..." "The tips were massive."
"I got new window blinds for Christmas. My mother in law asked if I was going to put them up myself." "I said that's disgusting. I'm putting them in the living room."
"Why does a duck have feathers?" "

To cover it's butt quack."
"What is best for clean up post sex?" [deleted]
"I think it's hilarious when a lot of birds make noise at once in a harsh discordant mixture of sound." "Caw-Caw Funny"
"Trump's Final Days in Office" "Trump's aides are saying that he is spending most of his remaining time throwing darts in his office.

He throws the darts and then draws the targets around them"
"What do you call a person that travels a lot and never gets angry?" "A nomad"
"Microsoft is rolling out a new operating system..." "Trump XP"
"This is a week late, but... How many Trump supporters does it take to storm the Capitol?" "NoNe, iT WaS aNtIfA!!!"
"You heard a tap at the door." "Let that sink in."
"Is the Pope Chatholic? Does the bear shit in the woods?" "I know where the bear shits."
"Siamese twins go out for dinner one day" "After dinner they have a drink in a bar when a man starts hitting on them. After some reluctance they return the sentiment. Few drinks later they end up at his place and he has sex with one of them. When he is done he gives attention to the other one. First one, feeling somewhat bored starts looking around and sees a trombone in a corner. Being a bit of musician herself she asks if she can play it. Guy agrees, because why not. So he is having sex with one of the twins while the other one plays the trombone. Next morning they have breakfast and girls leave. couple of weeks alter they are walking around when they by coincidence end up in front of guy's place. One says ""Hey, do you think guy we had sex with that time is at home? And do you think he should just ring the bell and ask him if he is interested in doing it again?"" Other one is skeptical. ""I don't know..... Do you think he'll even remember us?"""
"Does the editor in chief of National Geographic get drunk often?" [deleted]
"I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandpa." " Not scramming in terror like the rest of the people in the car."
"It's strange isn't how, if you get up in the middle of a library and start screaming, everyone just looks at you..." "But if you do it on an aeroplane then everyone joins in."
"Why did the doctor despise his nurse?" "She was always testing his patients."
"I took my date to the party..." "...but after a couple of hours in my pocket is was all sticky and covered in fluff"
"What has 88 balls and screws old women?" Bingo!
"I told a joke to HR" "I told a joke to HR and asked how was it?

She said « we’ll let you know »"
"Did you hear about the guy breaking into peoples houses and drinking all their coffee?" "I don't know how he sleeps at night!!"
"What Do You Call A Dog That Can Do Magic?" "A Labracadabrador!"
"I walked into a bar and ordered a blind whiskey" "The bartender asked, what’s that? I said, it’s a whiskey with no iiice."
"What Do You Call A Dog That Can Can Do Magic?" [deleted]
"Yeah I'm a proud boy..." "Proud of my Jewish mixed race lgbtq trans kids&gt;! LOL!&lt;"
"How do you spot a blind man on a nudist beach?" "Its not hard."
"Jesus and Satan disputed on a typing contest" "Satan had a last generation computer, three monitors, two keyboards, he was a beast dishing out words, typing whole paragraphs in seconds, everyone was astonished by his typing skills.

Jesus had a pentium IV, barely finding the letters and slowly typing with only his index fingers. Everyone was sure about the outcome and feared for the fate of humanity.

The bigger text after one hour would take the prize, at the 59' minute mark Satan had typed 3000 pages of text while Jesus was barely finishing his second, when suddenly the lights went out and both computers reset.

When it all came back, Satan had lost all his work and Jesus, with his 1 and a half page was the winner of the clash.

Moral of the story: Only Jesus saves"
"Did you know Hitler was blind?" "He could Nazi"
"The other day I was stuck in traffic and yelled out ""this is retarded""" "My girlfriend in the seat right next to me said, ""you're not supposed to say retarded anymore"". 
So I told her, ""what's wrong with being retarded? Most of my friends are retards""."
"I've had enough of all the COVID-19 jokes" "They are all tasteless"
"It only takes a second to show someone how you feel about them." "The police call it indecent exposure but whatever..."
"Strippers don't have air conditioners in their homes." Onlyfans.
"It's 1957 and Bobby goes to pick up his date, Peggy Sue." "Peggy Sue's father answers the door and invites him in.

He asks Bobby what they're planning to do on the date.

Bobby politely responds that they'll probably just go to the malt shop or to a drive-in movie.

Peggy Sue's father suggests, ""Why don't you kids go out and screw? I hear all of the kids are doing it.""

Bobby is shocked. ""Excuse me, sir?""

""Oh yes, Peggy Sue really likes to screw. She'll screw all night if we let her.""

Peggy Sue comes downstairs and announces that she's ready to go.

About 20 minutes later, a thoroughly disheveled Peggy Sue rushes back into the house, slams the door behind her, and screams at her father, ""Dad! The Twist! It's called the Twist!"""
"What's the most unhealthy meal served in a nursing home?" "The Seizure salad."
"just made my last car payment" "

I still owe a lot but I'm just not paying anymore"
"My cousin loves E-Bikes because she’s really indecisive." "She likes that it takes charge."
"A blonde is walking down the street" 
"My wife says ""I'm sorry, you are just like your father. You are half the man you used to be, I'm going to have to marry again""." [deleted]
"What do you call someone who grows plants by watering them with blood?" "A phlebotanist"
"If there are no bad questions, then why do people say ""Good question"" ?" "Good question."
"Talking Chicken (my original twist)" "A guy goes into a bar with a chicken. The bartender of course says, “What’s up with the chicken? We don’t allow chickens in here.“

The guy says “it’s okay, Freddie’s a talking chicken!“

The bartender says “yeah sure pal. If that chicken can talk, I’ll give you all the free beer you want.“

The guy says “Okay, here you go! Freddie, what’s your favorite favorite kind of beer?”

The chicken says “Bock, bock, bock.”

The bartender says “Ha, ha, very funny, pal!”

The guy says “No, really! He can talk! Freddie, what’s a male deer called?”

The chicken says “Buck, buck, buck.”

The bartender says, “Okay, it was funny the first time, but now it’s kind of annoying!”

The guy says, “I swear! Give me one more chance! Freddie, who’s the best composer ever?”

The chicken says “Bach, Bach, Bach.”

The bartender says, “All right, that’s it! You’re outta here!” And the bartender throws him and the chicken out.

The guy says, “Freddie, you really disappointed me! How come you didn’t prove to the bartender that you can talk?”

The chicken says “what did you want me to say, Beethoven?“"
"While I was at the doctor, he walked in with my test results and said you’re going to have to stop masturbating!" "I was so worried and I asked him why. He said, “ because I’m trying to give you your diagnosis”!"
"What stops a bad run?" "A wet finger tip"
"So an Irishman walks out of a bar." "Don’t laugh. It could happen"
"Santa found out he was rich" "He has so many stockings in Christmas"
"I would love to be paid to sleep" "It would be my dream job."
"A kid stole $10 from me at McDonald's" "This is one of my favorite  stories to tell.. 

I was about 15 years old and got $15 dollars as an allowance, so naturally I went to go spend my hard earned cash at my favorite (closest) fast food place McDonald's. I'm standing in line and order my usual and added nuggets as an extra treat. I had a 10 and a 5 in my pocket and as I go and pull it out I drop the 10! 

I turn around and noticed a little boy maybe 6 years old had picked it up. I say ""oh thanks little man"" but he doesn't give it back to me. He sheilds it from me and his mom starts talking ""um excuse you, my son got that from his grandmother today, you're trying to steal money from a little kid"" 

I didn't know what to say so I said ""uh.. okay.."" and froze for a second.

I turned around now unable to pay for my order I apologize to the cashier and asked him to cancel my order. He looked at me sympathetic and said ""you seem like a nice person and I saw you drop the money, I can pay for your order."" I thanked him and waited for my food. As I sat down the lady and her son sat as far away as they could and the lady kept staring at me. I gave her a nasty look and she must have been intimidated because she started eating a little faster and left in a hurry. I looked at her seat and noticed she had left a Walmart bag. I stood up and walked over and picked up the bag.
Man this bag was full. Real full. Imagine grabbing  a full cart and filling it into one Wal mart bag. 

What was it full of? You ask... 

Full of bullshit like this whole story."
"I called up GameStop customer support" "They told me to hold."
"The Scotsman" "A Scotsman was walking down the street in his traditional Scottish attire when he saw a couple of women talking and giggling, 

As he approached one of the women asked "" is it true the you dont wear anything under your kilt?""

""Aye, why dont you have a peek and find out for yourself""

So the woman lifted his kilt just enough to see his ""business"" and said ""oh thats gruesome""

The Scotsman replied ""I think if you'll check again, you'll see its grew some more""




First post, heard this in a song recently, got a good chuckle from it personally

I think it helps to read with a Scottish accent"
"I tried to make a joke about the time I dropped my baby off a tenth floor balcony." "But it fell flat."
"What does a balding magician have in his hat?" Hare.
"What does a balding magician have in his hat?" Hare.
"The resemblance was uncanny!" "A newlywed man was in the garage working on his motorcycle.  His new wife came out of the house and watched him work for a few minutes before saying, “Now that we are married, you should probably sell that motorcycle.”

The man’s face went pale and he looked as if he might throw up.

“Are you okay?  Whats the matter?” begged his wife.

He managed to get control of himself.  “For a minute there, you sounded like my ex-wife.”

“Your ex-wife?” the woman exclaimed.  “You never told me that you were married before!”

“I wasn’t,” he said."
"What's a 3 line poem that overthrows a government?" "A Hai-coup"
"How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" "Just 2, but how do they get in there?"
"What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?" "Aye matey!"
"My doctor smokes a pack-a-day, but he had the nerve to tell me I have to stop smoking." "I guess he took the hippocritic oath when he became a doctor."
"What's a lumberjacks favorite director?" "Tim Burton"
"A blind man walked into a bar..." "And then into a chair, stool, and table"
"What did the magician say just before he pulled a dead rabbit out of his hat?" "Abra Cadaver."
"What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms?" "One is a Goodyear. The other is a great year"
"There was a girl and this boy. The girl was a daughter of a drag car guy so almost everything explained to her was car related. So the girl and the boy were sweet on each other. The boy comes over to the house and asks if he could take the girl out. Her father says, "" yeah sure!""" "So the boy and the girl have a good day, walking around the lake holding hands kissing. So the day ended well. So the boy thinks, ""i had a great day today, ill have an even better day tomorrow."" So he returns to the house, and asks the dad if he can take the girl out again. And he says, ""yeah sure!"" 

So the boy and the girl go back behind the barn amd then theres this loud scream. And the father comes running out sayin, ""whats going on what happened?"", and the girl replies, ""little timmy tried to park his dragster in my garage so i kicked his tires!"""
"I'm absolutely sick to death of everyone whining about the covid restrictions." "You people need to get out more."
"The last thing my grandfather told me was “It’s worth spending money on good speakers.”" "That was some sound advice."
"What did they call The Last Airbender when he returned when he was old?" Boomeraang
"When I was a kid I had an imaginary friend and I used to think he went everywhere with me and that I could talk to him and he could hear me, and thet he could grant me wishes and stuff ." "Then I grew up and stopped going to the Church."
"My brother’s girlfriend is a circus clown. When I asked how she got into it she said..." "Well actually there’s a trap door at the bottom. It’s just an illusion."
"My childhood crush just turned 100 years old" "I guess now she’s my cienpai"
"What was the erratically moving father's excuse to his boys in the backseat" "Parkin', sons"
"What do you call a male fungus?" "A Mil-dude"
"What do President Trump and a shepherd have in common?" "They lead their flock to greener pastures or fail and bring their sheep to the slaughter."
"If you like the flag of Switzerland" "That's a big plus!"
"What is the one thing that separates man from beast?" Divorce
"How was the invention of the phonograph crucial to the success of jazz music?" "It helped introduce the music to a wider audience."
"Why do ducks go down the stairs" "Because they see you"
"Only in England." "£800 fine if you are caught at a house party during lock-down.

But reduced to £400 if paid early.

If you catch covid at the party, the government will

give you £500 to stay at home.

That's £100 profit.

This country is absolutely fucked."
"A police officer finds a young couple messing around in their parked car. The officer shines his light into the window." "The young man jumps out of the car and claims, “Honest, officer, we weren’t doing anything.” “In that case,” the officer replies, “let me inside and you come here and hold THE flashlight.”"
"A man find a genie who will grant him one wish..." "... “I wish that every time I peed, the finest Champaign will come out.”

Done, says the genie

Excitedly the man runs home to his wife... “bring us two Champaign glasses” he tells her.

She brings two glasses and when he pees in them it is, in fact, the best Champaign they’ve ever had. The wife is amazed!

The next day when the husband comes home from work he tells his wife “bring us two Champaign glasses” and she does, and again they have great Champaign.

This goes on for a week when one day he comes home and tells his wife “bring me one Champaign glass”

“What about me?” She asks him

“Today” he tells her “you drink from the tap!”"
"Working out is a lot like being a veterinarian" "You’re just picking things up and putting them down"
"Why isn't there paladin gnomes ?" "Cause they can't reach the light !"
"r/AntiJokes really is the opposite of this subreddit, isn't it?" "I've been scrolling for hours and haven't found one stolen joke."
"I asked the Doctor." "Me: Does Masturbation cause poor eyesight.?


Doctor: ""you're in Walmart mate."""
"A man suddenly dies and is cremated..." "The mortician not knowing what to do with the ashes contacts the man's last 3 lovers. All 3 were also men. 

Upon arrival, the mortician take the 3 men into his office and asked, ""please tell me what you would do with this man's ashes if I hand them over to you?""

The first man's says, ""I'll take his ashes to the beaches in Miami and spread his ashes all over, cause that's the first spot we made love.""

The second man says, ""I'll take his ashes to the rocky mountains an spread his ashes there, cause that's were we made love for the first time.""

The third man thinks hard about this. After a few minutes he replies, ""I'll make chili with his ashes.""

Confused the mortician asked why

The man replies, ""that way he can tear my ass up one more time."""
"Guns don't kill people, people kill people." "Toasters don't toast toast toast toast toast."
"What did the soccer player say when her teammate kicked her in the crotch?" "Ouch, my cleet-oris"
"A classic soviet joke from Ronald Reagan" "There’s an American, a polish and soviet dog all arguing about their countries 

The American dog says “In my country if you bark loud enough and long enough you’ll eventually get meat”

The polish dog says “What’s meat?” 

The soviet dog says “What’s bark?”"
"What do Canadians think matters?" Nunavut
"I made a switch from a normal keyboard to a eBay keyboard." "It’s missing a s key. The change is amazing, I’m telling you right now, there’s now going back."
"Johnson &amp; Johnson's No More Tears sounds less like a shampoo" "And more like a gay sex lube."
"So the local LEO'S made an arrest today here in town." "They arrested a water bottle wanted in three states: solid, liquid and gas."
"Wife: “I ❤️ you.”" "

Husband: “Is that you or the wine talking?”

Wife: “It’s me. Talking to the wine.”"
"It’s OK for a man to cry." "Yesterday I cried for ten minutes because I sat on my balls."
"It’s kind of sad how quiet my new electric car is:" "It’s so silent I can hear the bugs scream as they hit the windshield"
"Maybe the real DeepFuckingValue..." "was the retarded friends we made along the way"
"Came up with this just now..." "What do you call two people who have had a lot of plastic surgery, making out?

Lip-py-suction

I'm sorry I'll go."
"How do snowmen keep warm" "With a snow blanket!"
"Forex and the lottery are the same except..." "... that in the lottery you have a chance to make some money."
"A man is flying on an airplane." "Several hours into the flight he needs to go to the bathroom, so he goes to the lavatories but they are all occupied and there's quite a queue. He waits for about 10 minutes until he literally cannot hold it any longer.

Just when he's about to burst he sees lady come out of the ladies room in Business Class and says to himself, ""Fuck it, this is an emergency, in I go""

Relieved and relaxed after doing his business, the man suddenly notices several buttons on the side panel next to the toilet seat: ""HW"", ""TP"" and ""ATR"".

Curious as to their meanings, the man decides to press on ""HW"" and suddenly, a stream of Hot Water suddenly starts washing his entire business.

""Wow, I never knew Business Class restrooms have this... What a treat""

Very pleased with the first result, he decides to investigate some more and clicks on ""TP"", and suddenly Talc Powder is spread all over his ass.

""My word, the ladies in Business really have it made, this is awesome!"".

Extremely pleased, he doesn't wait and immediately clicks on ""ATR"" and the next thing he knows, he wakes up in a Hospital bed, with a doctor and a nurse next to him.

Man: ""What happened? I remember being on an Airplane, and then suddenly I woke up here""

Doctor: ""You recall correctly, you were on an airplane and from what we've heard needed to go to the bathroom desperately, so you went into the Business Class ladies room""

Man: ""Yes, it's all coming back to me, I remember it was so fancy... But how did I arrive to the hospital?""

Doctor: ""Well... You had a great time using the Hot Water and Talc Powder functions, until you pressed on ""ATR"" which stands for ""Automatic Tampon Remover"", and... I don't know how to tell you this but...""

Nurse: ""Your penis is under your pillow."""
"How do you call a black man steering a plane?" "A pilot, you racist."
Bipolar "I’m not bipolar, I’m married"
"Three old friends, Joe, Bob, and Vick are sitting on a park bench." "Joe says, ""Windy ain't it?""

Bob says, ""Nah, it's Thursday.""

Vick says, ""Yeah I'm thirsty. Let's go get a beer."""
"The butcher shouldn’t put the names of the cows on the packaging." "I feel really bad eating good old Chuck."
"What’s a similarity between Gay women and turtles?" "
They both choke on plastic."
"What does a circumcised Gee’s significant other moan to him during intercourse?" "
I like ya cut, Gee."
"Guy 1 “I masturbate to some weird shit.”" "Guy 2 “ nah, like what?”

Guy 1 “ I already have you an example”"
"For the Marvel fans" "Dr Strange: Knock knock
Dormammu: Who’s there?
Dr Strange: Door mom
Dormammu: Door mom who?
Dr Strange: Dormammu I have come to bargain"
"What happens when a transgender parent drinks a strange potion in a lab?" "They become a transparent trans parent."
"Little Johnny wants a computer upgrade" "Little Johnny was complaining to his mom that he needs a new computer, because the graphics aren't as clear as his friend's.

His mom looked at the monitor and said, it'll take her 10 minutes to upgrade the computer.

Johnny laughed. Mom could barely change a light bulb, but she was going to upgrade his computer in 10 minutes!?

10 minutes later, Johnny couldn't believe it. The graphics were clearer than his friend's!

""How did you do it?"", he asked?

She said, ""I cleaned your monitor""."
"I had a falling out with my friend over a protein powder" "We decided to go our separate wheys"
"It's 2:40" "Dyslexic: Nice!"
"I've never had a one night stand" "But I have had two night stands"
"My brother had to take something hot out of the oven, so he used mittens" "Unfortunately, Mittens was our cat"
"All my friends know my second favorite activity is making bad jokes." "My favorite activity is making lists that start at two."
"Why was the guy looking for fast food on his friend?" " Because his friend said dinner is on me 🥁"
"A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks ""Why the long face?""" "The horse, not being able to comprehend human language, promptly shits on the floor and leaves."
"What did the American Priest say when he had diarrhea?" "
HOLY SHIT!"
"How did Marjorie Taylor Greene find out about the secret Jewish Space Laser?" "It Torah hole in the atmosphere!"
"I was going to sharpen my pencil to take my test on nihilism.." "But there was no point"
"An explorer strangled in the jungle was finally found by a Chinese old man." "The man had a beautiful wife, but the man threatened him: ,,If you will start something with my wife, I will subject you to three worst kinds of Chinese torture."" 

But once the old man went to sleep, his wife and the explorer quietly enjoyed their night, believing the man couldn't hear anything. 

But when the explorer woke up the next morning, he had a huge rock on his chest. There was a note on it. ,,The first kind of worst Chinese tortures: a huge rock on your chest"". The explorer didn't think about it that much, and he threw the rock out of the window. But then he noticed a second note:,,The second worst kind of Chinese torture: your left ball attached to the rock."" The rock was already falling, so the explorer jumped out of the window after the rock. He then noticed a third note under the window: ,,The third worst kind of Chinese torture: your right ball attached to the bed.

Sorry for grammatical errors."
"How do you console an English teacher?" "There, they're, their."
"Judge: “It is stated here that on six occasions, you broke into the boutique.”" "Man: “Yes my Lord.”

Judge: “How many clothes did you steal?”

Man: “One dress.”

Judge: “You broke into the boutique six times but stole only one dress?”

Man: “My wife didn't like the first five.”"
"Do you ever look at the word bleach and think..." "... ""blaech""?"
"I really like guinea pigs" "But they don't taste like real pigs."
"Once, me and my family wanted to bake some marshmallows in the campfire." " We had the poles with marshmallows sticked to them prepared when we heard sirens. We all ran out to see what happened. The neighbours' house was on fire and I saw a lot of firefighters trying to get the fire under control. The neighbours looked at us with pure disgust. That was the moment I realized we were still holding the sticks with marshmallows."
"What did the lesbian vampire say to her girlfriend?" """Same time next month?"""
"Do you guy's think bugs are born knowing they can walk up walls...." "....or do they accidentally do it one day and go ""Yooooooooo"""
"/r/WallStreetbets just managed something the world has been trying to achieve for more than a year" "They flattened tbe curve"
"One day in quarantine I was bored and lit some candles from our still standing christmas tree..." "At 11 pm I finally reached the candle at the top of the tree.

It was the highlight of the evening."
"(One of my dad's favourite jokes) - A mute man meets one of his mute friends" "'Hello' his friend says. 

The mute man is shocked, and points to indicate his friend's sudden use of speech. 

'Oh yes,' the friend replies, 'I've found a fantastic doctor that helped me speak. Here, have his contact details and give him a visit'

The mute man excitedly goes to see the doctor and after a thorough examination his doctor confirms his condition. 

'However, I can help you. Bring a large, 2l bottle of cola with your next appointment' he says.

The mute man is confused, but buys a large bottle of cola anyway and brings it to the next appointment. 

The doctor says 'Ok, hand me the bottle and head over to the examination table, then pull down your pants and bend over'

Once again the man is confused as to how this could help his speech impediment, but thinks of his friend's improvement and obliges. The doctor takes the bottle from the other end of the room and, with a running start, shoves it into the man's anus. 

'AAAAAAA!' The mute man screams. 

'Good,' says the doctor, 'that's the first letter. We'll start the rest of the alphabet next time'"
"What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?" Supplies!!!
"Why do womens have flower on the front of their underwear?" [deleted]
"Why did the maths priest cross the road?" "He needed to get away from the house of sin."
"I had the Funeral March set as the ringtone for when my mother-in-law rang my phone." "It worked seamlessly until she rang me by mistake when she was in our house."
"I had the Funeral March as the ringtone when my mother-in-law rang." [deleted]
"Johnny’s up to it again" "The first-grade teacher was showing pictures of animals to her students to see how many they could name. She held up a picture of a lamb, and a little girl said, ""That's a sheep!""

""That's right!"" said the teacher. ""How about THIS one?"" she said, holding up a picture of the king of beasts.

""That's a lion!"" answered a little boy.

""Right!"" said the teacher. Then she held up a picture of a deer. No one volunteered an answer. She tried to help. ""What does your mother call your father?""

Johnny said, ""I know! That's a lazy old goat!""

Source: Google"
"The Man and The Hospital" "A man has been in hospital for a month. 
One day, he's so sick and tired of being in hospital that he sneaks out and down to the nearest pub. He orders a beer and swallows the lot in ten seconds flat. He then orders a second beer and does the same. Then a third and a fourth. 

As he orders a fifth beer, he says to the barman, ""I shouldn't be drinking this with what I've got."" 
The barman gasps in alarm, ""What have you got?"" To which the hospital patient replies, ""I've got no money.""

Source: Google"
"A man was driving down the road.." "A man was driving down the road when a policeman stopped him. The officer looked in the back of the man’s truck and said, “Why are these penguins in your truck?”

The man replied, “These are my penguins. They belong to me.”

“You need to take them to the zoo,” the policeman said.

The next day, the officer saw the same guy driving down the road. He pulled him over again. He saw the penguins were still in the truck, but they were wearing sunglasses this time. “I thought I told you to take these penguins to the zoo!” the officer said.

“I did,” the man replied. “And today I’m taking them to the beach.”"
"Why are ships referred to as ""She""?" "Because they are filled with seamen."
"Forgive me if it's a repost, I am not sure." "Rick: What is the name of your car?

Edward: I forgot the name, but is starts with 'T'.

Rick: Oh, what a strange car, starts with Tea. All cars that I know start with petrol"
China 
"Earlier today I saw a bumper sticker" "It said ""I'm a veterinarian, therefore I can drive like an animal!""

Suddenly I realized how many proctologists are on the road!"
"The barber" [deleted]
"Marriage is a lot like PLASTIC BAGS…" "They help hold a lot of trash together. 

Source: my brother during a round of joke boat on jackbox party pack 6"
"What do Russians call it when you put a bullet in a gun and fire it at your head?" "Suicide. 


What do Russians call it when someone else puts a bullet in a gun and fires it at your head?


Suicide."
"I organised an orgy," "but nobody came."
Kinky "Q: What is the diffrence between erotic and kinky?

A: Erotic is using a feather .....kinky is using the whole chicken"
"What can you not eat with a spoon?" "A vagina"
"A second girlfriend" "To see her reaction,he told her that he wants a second girlfriend,

In the first day he didn't see anything.

In the second day he didn't see anything.

In the third day he began to see a little bit from his right eye."
"What did the shrimp say to the taco?" "I hope you know that I sleep in a pillow."
"Why do women’s underwear have flowers on them?" "In the living memory of all the faces buried there"
"A world champion in grizzly bear hunting wanted to shoot a polar one" "He's got yet another prize in USA for hunting grizzlies, proving he's the best there is. Doesn't matter how hard it would be to hunt one, he would track them and hunt them.

One day he wanted the challenge, and thought he would step up his game and hunt for polar bears. He's no expert in polar bears, but for sure some things are the same, right? Grizzly bears and polar bears are bears after all. So he went to Russia, Siberia to be precise. No knowing where to find information about hunting a polar bear, he entered the local's inn and proudly announced: ""I am the world champion in grizzly bear hunting! I want to hunt a polar bear though, is there anyone brave anough to help me?""

With all eyes on him the inn went silent for several seconds, until a big, muscular man, wearing animals leather on his shoulders got up and said: ""My name is Ivan, this is my dog Charlie, we will help you.""

Our guy were a little scared of him (russian guy was massive), but didn't ask question and they later just went for the hunt.

While in the woods (white everywhere, snow everywhere) they were marching in silence, with Ivan and dog Charlie on the front. Suddenly, the russian stops and says:

""Ok look. On top of this tree, look"" (he points at the tree) ""There is a polar bear. Here, take this shotgun."" (He then gives the American the shotgun, which he takes no questions asked). ""The plan is as follows: I climb up the tree, throw off the polar bear to the ground and my dog Charlie fucks him to death.""

""Okaaaay, but then why did u give me the gun?""

""If I get down first, shoot the dog."""
"Call a girl beautiful 1000 times and she forgets" "Call her fat 1 time and she never forgets... That's because elephants never forget"
"A doctor said to his patient -" """I am very sorry to say that I have two bad pieces of news for you "" .

""Oh, dear, what is it?"" asked the patient.

""You've been given only 24 hours to live,"" came the reply.

""Oh, god, what other piece of bad news could there be?""

""I tried to get you on the phone all day yesterday."""
"How do you spot a blind man on a nude beach?" 
"I always ask a funny question on first dates." """Are you a serial killer? ""

 Its healthy to avoid competition in a relationship."
"There are two ways to make someone mad" "One is not finishing your sentence and the other is"
"What does a kraken and a prostitute have in common?" "Both of their bellies are full of seamen."
"What happens if you slap a tuning fork?" "It hertz"
"A man was driving down the road.." [deleted]
"As a dyslexic, I can't believe they made a TV show glorifying sex abuse against children" 
"Guy: Doctor, my girlfriend is pregnant" "Guy: Doctor, my girlfriend is pregnant but we always use protection and the condom has never broken. How is this possible? 

Doctor: let me tell you a story. There was once a hunter who always carried a gun wherever he went. One day he took out his umbrella instead of his gun and went out. A lion suddenly jumped in front of him. In order to scare the lion the hunter used the umbrella like a gun and shot the lion, then it died. 

Guy: Nonsense!! Someone else must have shot the lion

Doctor: Good, you understand the story. Next patient please..."
"Why are there 2 d's in Reddit" "The second one is a repost"
"A boy once lost his mom at a store" "he asked the security guard: ""did you see a mom walking in the mall without me"""
V 
"Wife: *gets a metal patella replacement*" "Me: *starts laughing uncontrollably*
Wife: What’s so funny?
Me: The iron knee"
"My parents are so poor" "They can't even pay attention to me"
"Because it's my Cake Day, I'll tell you a cake joke my little brother (10) told me" "It's a Dutch joke but I'll try to explain

So I had made a cake recently, and it just stood there on the table. So my little brother comes up to me and says; 'Kijk daar!' (Look over there) while pointing at the cake. So when I looked at it he says; 'haha je keek' (haha you looked)



Keek = looked but it is pronounced as cake"
V 
"A redditor and a regular guy was about to die of old age." "A regular guy was about to die of old age. The doctors ask him for a last wish.He wished to die in the embrace of my wife. So the doctors scheduled a time of privacy. When the time came, the doctor went to monitor his vitals in another room to make sure he was ok. Moans came out of the room and later he died.

A few weeks later a redditor was about to die of old age too. So the doctors asked him for his last wish and he replied with the same answer. So they scheduled a time of privacy and when the time came moans were coming out of the room. But when he died the moans kept coming. Confused the doctors went into the room and saw him dead and on his lap was a laptop with moans coming from it."
"What is the most common type of wine in the Philippines?" "Filipinot Noir"
"The Perfect Son" "A: I have the perfect son.

B: Does he smoke?

A: No, he doesn't.

B: Does he drink whiskey?

A: No, he doesn't.

B: Does he ever come home late?

A: No, he doesn't.

B: I guess you really do have the perfect son. How old is he?







A: He will be six months old next Wednesday!"
"The Perfect Son" [deleted]
"A redditor a" 
"Lit a gay kid on fire." 
"I once split a gay kid in fire." [deleted]
"My girlfriend's ass is like an onion" [deleted]
"The Russian Covid Vaccine Sputnik is 91.6% effective" "It's also the only Covid vaccine that will help you win an Olympic medal."
"A nasty looking skinhead walks into a bar" "with his nasty looking rottweiler. He sits at the bar, looks the bartender dead in the eyes and says:

- ""Do you serve Jews here?""

The bartender is a bit freaked out but after a second decides to stand up for what is right:

- ""Yes"", he says, mustering the courage to defy this hate filled individual, ""matter of factly I do.""

The skinhead visibly relaxes and says:

- ""Nice, give me a coffee, and a Jew for my dog""."
"Why can’t frogs ever complete their bucket lists?" "They croak before they even get started."
"There was a farmer who lived on 200 acres." "He owned sheep, cattle, horses and tons and tons of crops. One night, he heard wolves howling in the distant, and it kept him up all night. He woke up in the morning with bags under his eyes, his wife asked him “What’s wrong? Did you not get any sleep?” The farmer said “I kept hearing this howling noise. I couldn’t sleep at all” His wife says “I didn’t hear anything? Tonight I’ll stay up and listen for it. That night, they both lie in bed, and sure enough, the same howling noise is heard, but now by both of them hear it. They both toss and turn but they can not fall asleep. The next day, before they go to bed, the farmer and his wife move all the animals into the stables, in fear that the howling was wolves who would attack their animals and in hopes that maybe the wolves would stay away. But again, the howling continued. The next morning, the farmer calls up a fellow farmer who had recently retired and asked him about the howling. The other farmer said “Oh yes! I know exactly what you mean. I couldn’t fall asleep for so long, I had to sell my farm. And now I don’t hear the noises anymore. Maybe you should too.” “Sell my farm? What about all the money I’ll lose? I can’t risk it!” The other farmer responds, “No farm, no howl.”"
"I’m getting real frustrated with my Apple Watch thinking I’m washing my hands every time I jerk off. Everyone in the break room at work is pretty grumpy as well." 
"A Nazi walks into a bar." "He was knocked out cold.  
What an unfortunate accident."
"I don't like to brag..." "... about not bragging."
"Why should you always compliment cute Bank Tellers?" "

Because it's the thot that counts."
"Have you heard the saying ""Raining Cats &amp; Frogs""?" "Don't make fun of my lisp."
"A young boy is asking his father how he got so rich in the stock market." "The father says, “well son, I do a lot of careful research. I find a stock that is solid, has a lot of promise, has good people behind it, and I take $100 and invest $100 in that stock. Then I take $1000 and short sell that same stock with the $1000.”

The son says, “how does that make any sense?”

The father replies, “cause anything I invest money in fucking tanks”."
"My whole life I've been wondering: ""what is an own?""" "And why am I on it?"
"Why did the oyster's girlfriend leave him?" "He was shellfish in the seabed

No, my 4 year old son didn't write this. I did."
"Q: What does the zero say to the eight?" "  A: Nice belt! 

Q: What do you call friends who love math? 

A: algebros

 Q: How is an artificial Christmas tree like the fourth root of -68?  

A: Neither has real roots.  

Q: Why did the two 4's skip lunch?  

A: They already 8 (ate)! 

 Q: How do you know when you’ve reached your Math Professors voice-mail? 

 A: The message is “The number you have dialed is imaginary. Please,  rotate your phone by 90 degrees... 

 Q: What did 2 say to 4 after 2 beat him in a race? 

 A: 2 Fast 4 U! 

 Q: What did Al Gore play on his guitar?  

A: An algorithm!"
"Why did Princess Diana cross the road? Possible repost(old joke)" [deleted]
"So I was reading the obituaries the other day, and I'm really concerned." "People are dying in alphabetical order."
"Harry went to his doctor on Thursday to review his test results. The Doctor told him that he has both good news and bad news." " ""Good news is you have 48 hours to live,"" he said to Harry. 

""Bad news is I should have told you on Tuesday."
"Why doesn't Matthew McConaughey like light speed?" "Everyone around him gets older while he stays the same age."
"I once met a girl with twelve breasts" 
"Teacher: Why are you laughing alone? Tell the Joke to the class so everyone can laugh." "Student : Sir, he said that you're a good teacher."
"A man walks into an adult toy store." "
A man walks into an adult toy store. He is a business man who is arranging to go on a long work trip away from his wife. Afraid that his wife might get sexually frustrated and cheat on him, he has decided to buy her a sex toy to keep her busy while he is away. He walks up to the clerk and asks to be shown the best, newest products available. After 45 minutes of showing the man what they have, he is still not satisfied. “ What else do you have in stock?” He asks
“Sir I have shown you everything that we have” 
Not believing the clerk he says, “ I’m sure you must have something that you don’t normally show to everyone else. Money is no object. I really need something to keep my wife busy while I’m on the road for business!”
The clerk says “well sir there is this one product but my boss would be very upset if I rented it to you.”
“Please I insist! He will not find out. It will be our secret “ the man replies.
The clerk says alright and walks to the corner of the counter. He unlocks a drawer and pulls out a wooden box with ancient glyphs engraved around the top. He looks around to make sure no one else can see then opens the box. The customer looks inside anxiously to see only what appeared to be a normal dildo. 
  “What’s the big deal? This is just a normal sized dildo! There’s nothing special about it.” The man asks
 “Just wait” the clerk replies. “You haven’t seen it in action yet” At that moment the clerk says “Voodoo dick, The Door!”
The dildo jumps out of the wooden box and flies through the air and starts jamming itself into the door key hole vibrating and jamming nonstop till the door panel bursts and glass flies everywhere. 
  “Voodoo dick, the box” says the clerk and the dildo returns to its wooden box.
  “ Oh my God!” Exclaims the customer,” I’ll take it.” 
“ Ok, just remember. Voodoo dick will only respond to this direct command. YOU MUST SAY VOODOO DICK AND THEN SAY THE TARGET. WHEN YOU ARE DONE YOU MUST SAY VOODOO DICK THE BOX”
The customer takes voodoo dick home and before he leaves he shows his wife how to use it and leaves her to her own devices. A week passed and the wife starts to get sexually frustrated. She was about to go out to the nearest bar when she remembers about voodoo dick. She thinks about it a while then decided to try it out.  
   “Voodoo dick my pussy” she commands.
The dildo jumps out of the box and does it’s magic til she explodes with joy and satisfaction. In the midst of her joy she forgets the command to return the dildo
“ Voodoo dick, stop!” She says to no avail. “ voodoo dick no more” she screams without any response. “Voodoo dick nooo”
But the dildo does not stop jamming her. Without any ideas what to do she decides to get to the emergency room. She jumps in her car and drives to the hospital swerving all over the road. She is crashing into mailboxes and side swiping cars till a policeman sees her and pulls her over. 
The policeman asks her what is the issue and she can barely get out a few words.
“ voodoo... dick... uh.. oh... God... oh..in.. my ... uhhh... pussy.”
The cop stares at her for a second in disbelief and says
”Yeah right!  Voodoo dick my ass.”"
"Mick Jagger, Hugh Grant &amp; Dennis Weaver go to a Hollywood party." "Hugh and Dennis start drinking heavily while Mick mingles with guests. As the party starts to wind down, Mick is ready to leave but can't  find his mates. He walks into a dimly lit bedroom and sees them naked on the bed. He yells out ""Hey, Hugh get off of McCloud."
"What do you call a redneck hippie?" [deleted]
"I was having a drink the other day" "The bartender was a friendly enough guy, but what really bothered me was guy who kept coming in and yelling ""hey jackass, pour me another drink!""

I had enough, so I told the kid that he needs to start standing up for himself.

""What do you mean?""

""Well, that guy who keeps calling you a jackass, for one...""

""Oh him? He haw, he haw, he always calls me that!"""
"What’s the opposite of Christopher Walken?" [deleted]
"Did you hear about the composer who took a vow of silence?" "His friends called him Mutezart."
"What did the prostitute say about the SS officer who orgasmed too quickly?" """I did Nazi seem him coming."""
"Original (well I made it up hope it hasn’t been done before)" "Where do math teachers go out to eat?

K(c), but when they are cooking at home they use their pizza O(n)."
"What would I do if?" "I came home and found my wife in bed with a strange man. Well first I'd break his white cane across his ass, and then I would shoot his seeing eye dog"
"What do they call the cook on the ISS?" "The Soyuz Chef"
"How do you milk sheep?" "With  iPhone accessories."
"How can people get confused by Maradona's death with Madonna's?" "I mean one of them is a singer and other is the greatest handballer of all time."
"Why can't a lesbian ever win at poker?" "Cuz she can't keep a straight face."
"I’m not like other girls!" "That’s partially because I’m a boy."
"What comes before care?" Obama
"A girl wanted to seduce her teacher Johnny so she can get great test results" "The teacher said: ""i am sorry you're talking to the wrong johnny. I dont have ""sins"" as my last name"""
"Donald Trump's COVID test was the first thing he got a positive score on" "And even then, he didn't understand the material"
"I’m trying to write a joke about hurricanes" "But at the moment it is just a draft."
"[NSFW] Why did the cum cross the road?" "I wore the wrong pair of socks"
"How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello?" Konnichihuahua
r/askwomen "There’s always a delay for comments and upvotes on r/askwomen because women always take long to respond"
"Guide on how to be cool:" "A) Use sunglasses emojis  
B)"
"You know what really fucking sucks?" "Dildo Vacuums."
"Bill Clinton likes to go for a walk every Saturday evening..." "One evening, he passed by an alley, and a prostitute yelled at him, 
‟Fifty dollars will buy you a good time!” 

He responded by saying ‟How‘s about 5 dollars?”, jokingly, and kept walking.

This same hting kept happening every Saturday for a couple weeks; every time Bill passed the prostitute, she would offer him her services for fifty dollars, and he would decline and say he‘d only pay five. One evening, however, Hillary asked if she could come along on the walk with him, and Bill reluctantly agreed, nervous about what Hillary would say if the prostitute yelled at him again. They went on the walk, and when they passed the alley, to Bill‘s surprise, the prostitute was silent, and they continued on their walk. As they were about to round the corner, however, they heard the prostitute‘s voice from behind them,

‟So that‘s what five dollars gets you, huh?”"
"A wise old man said to me once, ""The things you fear are the things you will one day encounter in life.""" "Never have I been so afraid of a million dollars."
"What did Kermit the Frog say at Jim Henson's funeral?" Nothing.
"What’s the difference between jelly and jam?" "You can’t jelly your dick down someone’s throat"
"What is the difference between a joke and a pun?" "Hey, if your reading this, sorry it’s not a joke, but a thought about what qualifies as a joke v pun.
Let me know your thoughts on this but...

I think for jokes that; Jokes are always made at someTHINGS, expense. If it’s intended to make people laugh, and it’s at somethings expense, it’s a joke. (most obvious example is yo mama jokes)

While a pun qualifies as the opposite. 
Puns are NEVER made at ANYTHINGS expense.
(example: “Dont go “bacon” my heart.)

Idk, what do you guys think lol, just thought it was interesting."
"A thief was parading around town on a stolen horse, bragging about how he stole it." "You could say he was on a high horse."
"I was gonna tell my wife about my Stephen King movie fetish, but last night she apparently found out and put a movie on." "She beat me to It."
"When I was younger I hated going to weddings" "it seemed that all my aunts and the grandmotherly types used to come up to me, poke me in he ribs and say, ""You're next"". They stopped that stuff after I started doing the same thing to them at funerals."
"My cousin got mad this week, he thrashed someone with his dead phone." "He had a good lawyer and his phone was dragged to cord and charged with battery."
"My girlfriend told me to fuck her like a man" "So I stuck it in ehr ass  and said ‟yeah, you like that Steve?”"
"Why did the US support the French Revolution?" "Because French is a Langue d'oïl"
"The Gynecologist had become" "fed up with his job and decided to change professions. One day after seeing an advertisment for an auto mechanic school on TV, he decided to sign up. The Dr studied very hard and gave it the same level of excelence as he did when practicing medicine.

The day of the final exam came. The Dr had to completely rebuild an engine, which he did in record time. When the grades were posted, he was surprised to see that he had achieved a score of 125%. Curious, he spoke to his teacher.

‟I do not want to look a gift hrse in the mouth or anything but how can I have gotten a score above 100%?” he asked.

‟Well” said the instructor, ’You took the engine apart perfectly, that accounts for 50% of the grade, you put it back together flawlessly, that accounts for 50% or the grade. The extra 25% is because never in my career have I seen that all done through a four inch exaust pipe!‟"
"What’s the difference between peanut butter and jam?" "You can’t peanut butter your penis into someone’s mouth"
"Why did they not turn on the lights?" "Because they were already on!   🤣"
"Girl: i am sick of this! Treat me like you treat your mother" "Guy: give me ten bucks,mom"
"The Amaretto Joke" "(Mentioned this in the comments of another joke and seems like no-one knew it by reference so here goes.)

Three best girlfriends meet for lunch after not seeing each other for a while and the topic turns to the latest news in their lives and as it turns out all three of them have started seeing new men since they last met up.  They decide to compare how the guys stack up in bed.

""I call my man, footlong because he is just so nice and big."" The first woman says.

""I call my man Duracell because he keeps going and going, all night long."" the second says.

""I call my man Amaretto"" the third says not offering an explanation.

""Amaretto?"" The first woman asks, ""Isn't that a fancy liquor?""

""You damn right."" replies the third."
"A detective story" "11.45 : arrived at crime scene

11.45 : Examined body. Signs of struggle

11.45 : Found murder weapon in drain

11.45 : Realised watch was broken"
"A detective story" "11.45 : arrived at crime scene

11.45 : Examined body. Signs of struggle

11.45 : Found murder weapon in drain

11.45 : Realised watch was broken"
"I dont even know what borrowing language is..." "But I'll take your word for it."
"I hate when a girl says the wrong name during sex" "They know my name isnt Someone Help"
"I want to sleep with you.." "No I don't mean having sex. I mean sleep. Together. Under a blanket. I your bed. While you are laying on my arm, with your another hand on your tummy. With the windows cracked, so it's chilly we have to cuddle closer. No talking just the muffled cries that you slowly let seep away from your blood gurgling mouth as I slit your throat and sacrifice your worthless life to the dark overlord."
"An atheist on an airplane has a response" "An atheist was seated next to a girl on an airplane and he turned To her and said, ""Do you want to talk? Flights go quicker if you strike Up a conversation with your fellow passenger.""

The girl, who had just started to read her book, replied to the stranger, ""What would you want to talk about?""

""Oh, I don't know,"" said the atheist. ""How about why there is no God, Or no Heaven or Hell, or no life after death?"" as he smiled smugly.

""Okay,"" she said. ""Those could be interesting topics but let me ask You a question first. A horse, a cow, and a deer all eat the same Stuff - grass. Yet a deer excretes little pellets, while a cow turns Out a flat patty, but a horse produces clumps. Why do you suppose that is?""

The atheist thinks about it and says, ""Hmmm, I have no idea."" To which The girl replies, ""Do you really feel qualified to discuss God, Heaven and Hell, or life after death, when you don't know shit?""

The atheist pauses for a moment, and considers the question. ""Well,"" he says, ""I'm no biologist but I'd assume it's got something to do with how their guts are arranged. You're right though. You'd have to be pretty into horseshit and bullshit to know much about God."""
"I tried baptizing my poop. Then I realized." "Holy shit."
"Justice is best served cold" "Justice is best served cold. If it was served warm it would be justwater."
"Thanksgiving is the only time" "Where Americans can eat something they have cooked on their own."
"I am Thor." "And next year, I'll be Five."
"There once was a website called reddit..." "There once was  a website called reddit  
Which users could read, view and edit  
The ‟Jokes”  sub was boring  
Each quip had me snoring  
’Cos someone had already said it.
  
.  
.  

  
*edited to please grammar, syllable and tense Nazis. Apologies, but it only took 3 minutes to write, I didn’t know it’d get so much attention otherwise I would’ve taken more time over it."
"The Lady's Ass" "A man sits next to a lady in the park, who seems to be a really educated sophisticated woman. The man notices a spider crawling on her ass, so he tells him ""oh look a spider on your ass."" the woman suddenly turns around and slaps him ""You creep! It's not ass. It's 'rear end'."" 

After 5 minutes, the man sees two more spiders moving around on her ass. He wants to let her know, but this time he doesn't want to get slapped, so he asks her ""Excuse ma'am, what was the name of your ass?"""
"Not your average blonde joke" "A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, ""I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vice versa. "" Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, ""Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00."" This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game. The lawyer asks the first question. ""What's the distance from the earth to the moon?"" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. ""Okay"" says the lawyer, ""your turn."" She asks the lawyer, ""What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?"" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00. The blonde says, ""Thank you,"" and turns back to get some more sleep. The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, ""Well, what's the answer?"" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep. And you thought blondes were dumb."
"Take my wife" Please
"What pain does a jet pilot have after working out?" "Afterburners




(That has got to be the shittiest jokeI have ever made)"
"A robot walks into a bar. The bartender asks," """What'll ya have?""

""Well, it's been a long day and I need to loosen up. How about a screwdriver?""







( this is a paraphrasing of a joke from Futurama,  thought it could make a nice text or conversational joke as well)"
Pimping "A country man pimps out his daughter to a bunch of punks. They ask him:

- Why do you do this?

- Because of money

- Money for what?

- Money to buy guns.

- Why do you need guns?

- Protection

- Protection?

- Protecting my daughter from these punks."
"An atheist dies and goes to hell..." "... The devil greets him there
""Hey! Uhm... Welcome.
Listen, you were born, raised and died an atheist. 
So I don't know which specific hell I should put you in.
Tell you what, I'll show you some of the popular hells and let you pick one.""

They enter a big gate and head to the nearest pub. 
In there they see a bunch of lads watching a game, having drinking a pint and having a laugh 

""What's up with that?! Is THIS hell?"" 
""Well, this is a Christian hell. 9 to 5 They stew in boiling oil, and when their shift is over they're off to their business. 
These guys like to meet with friends in this pub"" 

Off to the next hell they go. 
They are welcomed by a friendly man wearing a bisht. 
They enter a tent where they see some guys having coffee in small cups, wiping humus and having a laugh. 

""So what's up with this hell? So far, this is WAAAY different than what some people up there imagine hell to be."" 
""Well, you see, you've died after working hours. 
This is a Muslim hell. 9 to five they fry in boiling oil and when their whift is over they... 
""Okay okay, gotcha. They do what muslims like to do."" 

""Right... You don't have to be rude. Jees. I'm just trying to help. Next?"" 
""Yes please"" 

They then enter a smaller gate and go into a small room. 
They find a crowded hot room, with way too many Hasidic sweaty guys who all argue with each other and CLEARLY not having a good time. 

""Let me guess, 9 to 5, boiling oil, yada yada yada... 
Why are you even showing me this? 
Who would pick this kind of hell?"" 
""Well, you see, this is a Jewish hell.
So it's not PERCISELY nine and not PERCISELY five and not PERCISELY boiling"""
"I'm Black. So I can't be racist. But these suckers keep telling me that I am." "‟Jake, you can  not call yourself Black just because you went to jail once.That is racist”"
"A man discovers a magic lamp" "A genie comes out and tells the man ""you have 3 wishes! Ask wisely! ""

The man ponders for a few seconds and says

""I wish for a world without lawyers!""

The genie claps his hands and says ""DONE! Now if you'll excuse me, I'm outta here""

The man replies ""wait! You still owe me 2 wishes!!!""

*""Oh yeah? Sue me"" *"
"The problem with treating mental health" "Is that it's all in your head."
"Why didn't Sean Connery ask his wife to sit on his face?" "Because he asked it *once*."
"For men, there are only 3 rings in life..." "The Engagement Ring...

&amp;#x200B;

The Wedding Ring...

&amp;#x200B;

...and then starts The Suffering..."
"I what is a crackers weight measured in?" "In grahams."
"It's true tho" "My life..."
"I'm very good at sunburning myself" "I guess you could say my self-burns aren't that rare"
"So this teenager is minding his own business..." "Getting his lunch out of his bag.

When all of a sudden his best friend's ex shows up.

All of a sudden. She's calling him a sex perv and a rapist. So he had to prove her wrong. 

So he did the most obvious thing he could. So he raped her."
"Barack Obama had to act so white to overcome society’s fear of black men" "So white that now Bill Clinton’s the only black President."
"What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow?" "You do not milk a cow for 10 years"
"Loose load" "a trucker in Newfoundland  stops at a red light, a blonde catches up. She jumps out of her car, runs up to his truck, and knocks on the door. The trucker lowers the window, and she says ""Hi, my name is Heather and you're losing some of your load."" 
 The trucker ignores her and proceeds down the street. When the truck stops for another red light, the girl catches up again. She jumps out of her car, runs up and knocks on the door. Again, the trucker lowers the window. As if they've never spoken, the blonde says brightly, ""Hi my name is Heather, and you are losing some of your load!"" 
 Shaking his head, the trucker ignores her again and continues down the street. At the third red light, the same thing happens again. All out of breath, the blonde gets out of her car, runs up, knocks on the truck door. The trucker lowers the window. Again she says ""Hi, my name is Heather, and you are losing some of your load!"" 
When the light turns green the trucker revs up and races to the next light. When he stops this time, he hurriedly gets out of the truck, and runs back to the blonde's car. He knocks on her window, and as she lowers it, he says ""Hi, my name is Kevin, it's Winter in Newfoundland and I'm driving the SALT TRUCK!"""
"How many surrealist does it take to screw in a lightbulb?" "A fish."
"Love muscle" "This fellow was so deeply in love that just before he was married, he had his bride's name tattooed on his love muscle. Normally, only the first and last letters were visible, although when he was aroused, the tattoo spelled out W-E-N-D-Y. Now they're on their honeymoon at a resort in Montego Bay. One night, in the men's room, this fellow finds himself standing next to a tall Jamaican at the urinal. To his amazement, he notices that this man, too, has the letters W-Y tattooed on his penis. ""Excuse me,"" he says, ""but I couldn't help noticing your tattoo. Do you have a girlfriend named Wendy?"" ""No way, mon, I work for the Tourist board. Mine reads, ""Welcome to Jamaica, mon, have a nice day.'"""
"""szpcvpuyh. sb lkgbs'givmdzsdgkbi0gsdsdfg, ;lj';tu.49350u04""" """szpcvpuyh. sb lkgbs'givmdzsdgkbi0gsdsdfg, ;lj';tu.49350u04"" - miheal J f0x"
"The deaf Italian Bookkeeper" "A Mafia Godfather finds out that his bookkeeper of 20 years, Guido, has cheated him out of $10 million.Guido is deaf which is why he got the job in the first place.

The Godfather assumed that since Guido could not hear anything, he could never testify in court.When the Godfather goes to confront Guido about his missing $10 million,

he takes along his personal lawyer because he knows sign language.The Godfather tells the lawyer, ‟Ask him where the money is!”

The lawyer, using sign language, asks Guido, ‟Where‘s the money?”

Guido signs back, ‟I do not know what you are talking about.” The lawyer tells the Godfather, ‟He says he doesn‘t know what you are talking about.”

The Godfather pulls out a pistol, puts it to Guido‘s head and says, ‟Ask him again or I‘ll kill him!”

The lawyer signs to Guido, ‟He will kill you if you do not tell him.”

Guido trembles and signs back, ‟OK! You win! The money is in a brown briefcase, buried behind the shed at my cousin Bruno‘s house.”

The Godfather asks the lawyer, ‟What did he say?”

The lawyer replies, ‟He says you don‘t have the balls to pull the trigger.”"
"If you chop a tree down in the middle of the forest, but the tree doesn't understand why you chopped it down" "Do you think it's stumped?"
"Why aren’t base-8 math jokes funny?" "Because Seven Ten Eleven."
"What do the Avengers call the time that Black Widow gave the Hulk Oral sex?" "The Green Gobblin'"
"What's a cat's favorite postal service?" Uspspspspspspspspspspsps
"Why did the Trump administration switch from Microsoft Word to Google docs for their campaign election lawsuits?" "They couldn't get past this prompt:

&gt; It looks like you're writing unsubstantiated nonsense. Would you like to turn on all caps?"
"Where did all the cars go during lockdown in New York?" "To Parked Avenue."
"Why are people so obsessed with Adam Driver" "He’s just a damn driver"
"Want to know why constipated people are never trustworthy?" "They’re full of s**t"
"A cowboy rides in to town" "A cowboy rides in to town on his horse and ropes it in front of a canteen. After a few hours of drinking he walks out and finds that his horse is missing. The cowboy turns around and bursts in to the canteen. Seeing the cowboy pissed as Hell the place goes quiet. The cowboy looks around and with a deadly calm says，‟I am going to count to three. If I get to three，I'm going to do what I did in the Winter of 76'.” The whole bar freezes in terror at the cowboy.  
  
‟**ONE**”  
    
No one moves a muscle.
  
‟**TWO**”‟”  
  
Everyone's extremely nervous at this point.  
  
‟**READY OR NOT.... THR--**”  
  
All of a sudden someone in the back stands up and says，‟Hold on buddy! It was just a joke! your horse is in the back alley!” The cowboy smiles and starts to leave the canteen. The same guy who stood up calls out，‟Hey! I just gotta know，what happened in the Winter of '76???” The cowboy turns around and says to him，‟I had to walk home.”"
"A boy asks his dad about his past." """Hey Dad.""
""Yes son?""
""Did you ever get shot in the army?""
He looks at his son in silence. Tears start to form in the Dad's eyes, and he quietly replies:
""No, but I was shot in the leggy."""
"I asked the Mcdonald’s Employee for a burger just like the TV shows." "He spit in my food and told me to fuck off"
"What is kitty cat favorite candy treat?" "Meow and Laters"
"A guy dies and is met at the Pearly Gates by St. Peter..." "... and St. Peter tells him, “Hang on a sec… getting into Heaven isn’t a big deal… I just need to find a good deed you've done in your life… and you’re in.”

And with that, St. Peter starts leafing through this guy’s Book of Life. It’s a thick book, but he’s not finding anything. He gets to the end, goes back to the beginning, is leafing thorugh random pages… but nothing.

“Jeez”, he says, “Crazy… I can’t find a single good thing you’ve ever done. Not a single good deed. This is really rare, but I guess it happens. Can you think of one? Anything?”

“Yeah”, says the guy, “The time I was driving along and saw this young woman stranded on the side of the highway… she had a flat tire and was having problems, so I stopped to help her. Does that count?”

“Yes”, St. Peter says, “It sure does. Weird I can’t find it… let me look again.”

“Not only that”, continues the guy, “but while I was changing the tire, a gang of bikers showed up. They threatened me and said they were going to take her with them. And I said ‘No way, I’m not letting that happen’, and I stood up to them. That has to count, right?”

“For sure”, says St. Peter, “It’s just so strange that I can’t find any of this. When did it happen?”

“About two minutes ago.”"
"Whats the difference between a chick pea and a garbanzo bean?" "The difference  is Trump never paid 50k to have a garbanzo bean on his face"
"Oh brother!" "A woman is in an accident while she's pregnant. While in a comma she has twins (a boy &amp; a girl). When she woke up she asked the doctor were her baby was.

The doctor said she had twins but her brother named them. 

She replied,""My brother is an idiot I wonder what names he gave them. Anyway what did he name the girl?"" ""Denise"", replied the doctor. That's not so bad.""What about the boy"", she finally asked. ""Denephew."
"What is atheism?" "A non-prophet organization"
"Why does everyone think the loaf of bread is so clever?" "He has that rye wit."
"Why was Star Wars shot Episodes 4, 5, 6, then 1, 2, 3?" "Because  in charge of directing，Yoda was"
"A man escapes from prison where he has been for 15 years." " He breaks into a house to look for money and guns, and finds a young couple in bed. He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair. He ties the girl to the bed and he gets on top of her, kisses her neck, and then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband tells his wife, ""Listen, this guy is an escaped convict, look at his clothes! He probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck. If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is probably very dangerous. If he gets angry, he'll kill us. Be strong, honey. I love you."" His wife responds, ""He wasn't kissing my neck. He was whispering in my ear. He told me he was gay, thought you were cute, and asked me if we had any Vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Be strong honey. I love you, too!"" -"
"Why don’t black people have nightmares" "The last one to have a dream was assassinated."
"Did You Know Little Johnny Went To The Military?" "He was standing in line and the sergeant was just screaming at him. When the sergeant stops and starts walking off, he turns to little johnny and says: “Little Johnny, I bet when i’m dead and gone. You’re gonna come and stomp on my grave.”
Now, Little Johnny looks at the sergeant confused and says: “Sarg, I proved myself when i’m done with the army, i’m never gonna stand in line every again.”"
"Why does everyone think the loaf of bread is so clever?" "He has that rye wit."
"I offered my old air mattress to a homeless guy today." "He got real excited, until i also offered him my air guitar"
"Adam was hanging around the Garden of Eden feeling very lonely." "So, God asked him, ""What's wrong with you?""Adam said he didn't have anyone to talk to.God said that He was going to make Adam a companion and that it would be a woman.He said, ""This pretty lady will gather food for you, she will cook for you, andwhen you discover clothing, she will wash it for you.She will always agree with every decision you make and she will not nag you.And will always be the first to admit she was wrong when you've had a disagreement.She will praise you!She will bear your children.And never ask you to get up in the middle of the night to take care of them.""She will NEVER have a headache and will freely give you love and passion whenever you need it.""Adam asked God, ""What will a woman like this cost?""God replied, ""An arm and a leg.""Then Adam asked, ""What can I get for a rib?"""
"Christmas reminds me of my ex" "
Ho ho ho!"
"I sexually identify as Michael Jackson..." "My pronouns are he/he"
"Let me tell you a joke about planes" "I don’t think you’ll like it

It’ll go over your head"
"Two Letters" "You know, when they forced Khruschev out, he sat down and wrote two letters to his successor. He said – “When you get yourself into a situation you can’t get out of, open the first letter, and you’ll be safe. When you get yourself into another situation you can’t get out of, open the second letter”. Well, soon enough, this guy found himself into a tight place, so he opened the first letter. Which said – “Blame everything on me”. So he blames the old man, it worked like a charm. He got himself into a second situation he couldn’t get out of, he opened the second letter. It said – “Sit down, and write two letters.”"
"Two restaurant owners." "Two old restaurateurs run into each other in the lobby of an office building. 

""How's it going?"" asks one. 

 ""Oof!"" says the other.  ""Business was down from covid, the rent was due, and to top it off  there was a fire in the kitchen that burned the whole place down.  I'm just here to talk to my insurance agent"".  

 ""Wow"", says the first, ""By coincidence I'm here to talk to my agent.  Last week a flood hit the restaurant and ruined everything"".  

""So tell me"", he whispers, ""How do you start a flood?"""
"A man walks into the dentist office and after the dentist exam him , he says,that tooth has to come out. I’m going to give you a shot of Novacaine and I’ll be back in a few minutes." "
The man grabs the dentist's arm, ""no way. I hate needles I'm not having any shot!""

So the dentist says, ""okay, we'll have to go with the gas.""

The man replies, ""absolutely not. It makes me very sick for a couple of days. I'm not having gas.""

So the dentist steps out and comes back with a glass of water, ""here,"" he says. ""Take this pill.""

The man asks ""What is it?""

The doc replies, ""Viagra.""

The man looks surprised, ""will that kill the pain?"" he asks.

""No,"" replies the dentist, ""but it will give you something to hang on to while I pull your tooth."""
"A dyslexic man walks into..." Arab
"A dumb man writes to his best friend." "Dear friend,

Last time we talked was a few years ago. How are you? I'm writing slowly, because I know you don't read fast.

I moved across town the other day, but don't worry. I have the same address----I brought my doorplate to the new house!

It rained twice last week. First time for three days, second time for four days. 

I went to buy pizza yesterday after the rain stopped. The guy asked me if I want my pizza to be cut into 12 pieces or 8 pieces. I wanted to finish the pizza in one meal. So I said, ""Cut it into 8 pieces, I can't finish 12 pieces of pizza.""

Those were some good pizza, so next time you come visit, we should definitely go to the steak house across the street.

I was going to mail you a jacket, but it was overweight. To make the jacker lighter, I cut off the jacket's buttons and put them in its pocket.

Also, I heard your sister is going to have a child! I visited her but she didn't know if it will be a boy or a girl, so I don't know if you will be an uncle or an auntie. 

That's about it. I'll write to you next week!

PS I just thought of sending you money but I already sealed the letter :("
"A minister of a church meets with the church council" "A minister of a church meets with the church council

The council says, “These are dire times. The church only has $5 million and we need about $10 million to survive”.

They all sit quietly, looking sad about this news. The minister then gets up and leaves the room.

The minister calls the church lawyer and says, “it’s all clear to me now. So I have decided. I want you to take the church’s $5 million and make an anonymous donation to the leader of the city’s Atheist organization.”

The lawyer is shocked. He knew the minister was disappointed, but he never thought he would give up his faith. Nevertheless, he followed the instructions.

The next council meeting, and the councilors are furious at the news of the Minister’s decision.  

Just before they get up to find and confront him, the Minister walks in the room and slaps an envelope on the table.

A councilor opens it up and reads the letter. It’s from the Atheist leader.

“Dear church leaders. Enclosed is a check for $10 million for your church. It includes a recent gift I received, plus all the money to my name. I was in hard times, but last week a miracle occurred and restored my faith in God.”"
"Bully in HS" "High School Principal calls for the father to come to school one morning and he doesn't quite understands what would be the reason...

Getting there, he starts complaining with the receptionist about why he was called to go there.

Dad: Lady, I don't know why the principal called me here, do you know what is this all about?

- Hmmm, seems that this meeting is about bullying. 

Dad: Bullying? That must be a mistake, my daughter never said anything about it...

- And who is your daughter? 

Dad points out to his kid in the playground : that fatso over there who looks like a watermelon"
"I broke up with my girlfriend after she had her toes accidentally chopped off." "I guess that makes me lack-toes-intolerant."
"How are Christmas ornaments and Jeffery Epstein the same?" "They don't hang themselves."
"Famous Philosophers" "Aristotle - ""what does it mean to be a good person""

Descartes - what does it mean to ""be""

Nietzsche - ""what does it mean""

Bertrand Russell - ""what does 'it' mean""

C.S. Lewis - ""what does it""

Lil Jon - ""what"""
"They say to upset a blind man, leave the plunger in the toilet..." "But I think you'd frustrate him more by putting door handles all over the wall."
"One day David was feeling Happy...." "Then Happy got angy and left..."
"When the 2020 lockdowns started, people bought all the toilet paper for their assholes" "Well, that's what the claimed.  They actually bought it for they're assholes."
"Quotes from famous philosophers" "Aristotle - ""what does it mean to be a good person""
Descartes - what does it mean to ""be""
Nietzsche - ""what does it mean""
Bertrand Russell - ""what does 'it' mean""
C.S. Lewis - ""what does it""
Lil Jon - ""what"""
"Skyrim Public Service Announcement" "If you play Skyrim, becareful if you kill the ginger dragon, you will not receive a soul for it."
"What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo?" "Well, one is really heavy. And the other is just a little lighter"
"The intstructor told me I need a parachute to skydive. I knew he was wrong." "You only need a parachute to skydive twice."
"JOKES ! mayonnaise dripping from your face" " A young woman asked her mom if she could go out for some fries and eat them with friends for 2 hours. Her mom said, ""Sure."" However, the daughter went to her boyfriends and had sex with him for 2 hours. When she came back home, her mom asked her how the fries were. The daughter replied, ""Nice!"" The mom said, ""I can tell you enjoyed them; there's still mayonnaise dripping from your face."""
"How much does it cost a pirate to get his ears pierced?" "A buccaneer."
"How do you relieve an executioner from his duties?" "You do it with a firing squad."
"Trump is like Oprah Winfrey." "And you get a pardon! And you get a pardon! And you get a pardon! And you get a pardon!"
"I have only one shot to be found, hope someone sees this." "Dammit, wrong flare!"
"Husband and wife have been married for 5 years." "The Husband, ashamed of his small penis, have been secretly using a dildo to have sex with his wife since the very beginning of their relationship. Because of that, he has requested that they have sex in complete darkness.

On the night of their 5th anniversary, the wife suddenly flicks on the light during the middle of sex and finds the dildo in his husband's hands.

The wife yells indignantly, """"Explain the dildo!""

The man snaps back, ""I'll do that after you explain the kids!"""
"What do statisticians and sexologists have in common?" "They both deal with STDs"
"I got my driving license today" "But I don’t h🥑"
"Walking through Chinatown, a backpacker saw a Chinese laundry with the sign: ""Sigurd Kristiansen's Laundry""" "'Sigurd Kristiansen? How the hell does that name fit in here?' he wondered.
So he decided to check it out. He entered to see an elderly Chinese man behind the counter.
'How did this Chinese laundry get a name like ""Sigurd Kristiansen's Laundry""?' the backpacker asked.
The elderly Chinese replied, 'My name, I am owner.'
'Really? How did you ever get a name like Sigurd Kristiansen?'
'Many years ago when arrived at this country, was stand in line at Documentation Center. Man in front was big Norwegian. Lady asked him: ""What's your name?"" He said: ""Sigurd Kristiansen"" Then lady asked me: ""What's your name?"" I said: ""Seim Ting"".'"
"What is the best part about farming?" "Getting down and dirty with my hoes."
"A circus owner walked into a bar." "Everyone was standing around one table. He checked what was happening. He saw a dancing duck on an upside-down bucket, and the people loved that little show.

The circus owner himself was impressed. He decided to buy the dancing duck. After a few minutes of dealing, they settled for $25,000 for the duck and the bucket. 

Next week the circus owner ran back to the bar. He was furious.

'The dancing duck is fake! I put him on the bucket before my whole audience, and he did not dance a single step!'

'And?' asked the duck's former owner, 'Did you forget to light a candle under the bucket?'"
"What's the difference between fascinating and fascist?" "Sean Connery"
"What’s tasty and sometimes gross?" Salad
"My wife is pissed I got a Yoda tattoo that says ""Apathy""" "Care what thinks, I do not."
"What did Doc say to McFly after they went all the way back to the Star Wars future and saw baby Yoda being sold to Jabba the Hutt?" "Man, DeLorean went too far this time."
"I wonder how Japan teaches about world war 2" "I’m sure it’s a blast"
"3 men are talking to each other" "The first one says: i think my wife is cheating with the carpenter, i found sawdust under my bed.

The second one says: i think my wife is cheating with the mason, i found cement under my bed.

The third one says: i think my wife is cheating with a horse, if found a horseman under my bed."
"So my roommates left for a month" "They left me a 10 page document on how to; keep the house clean, feed the cats, and water the plants. I was soo offended when i saw it that i threw it out. I wish i hadn't cause now ive fed the plants, watered the house, and cleaned the cats... i guess you could say i puked in the bushes while drunk then took a bath and the cat jumped in then broke the tap and flooded the house."
"The Blind Sales Clerk" "A woman goes into Cabela’s to buy a rod and reel for her grandson’s birthday. She doesn’t know which one to get, so she just grabs one and goes over to the counter.

The clerk was standing behind the counter wearing dark glasses. She says to him, “Excuse me, sir. Can you tell me anything about this rod and reel?” He says, “Ma’am, I’m completely blind; but if you’ll drop it on the counter, I can tell you everything from the sound it makes.”

She doesn’t believe him but drops it on the counter anyway. He says, “That’s a 6-foot Shakespeare graphite rod with a Zebco 404 reel and 10-pound test line. It’s a good all-around combination, and it’s on sale this week for only $20.”

She says, “It’s amazing that you can tell all that just by the sound of it dropping on the counter. I’ll take it!”

As she opens her purse, her credit card drops on the floor. “Oh, that sounds like a MasterCard,” he says.

She bends down to pick it up and accidentally farts. At first she is really embarrassed, but then realizes there is no way the blind clerk could tell it was her who tooted. Being blind, he wouldn’t know that she was the only person around?

The man rings up the sale and says, “That’ll be $34.50 please.”

The woman is totally confused by this and asks, “Didn’t you tell me the rod and reel were on sale for $20? How did you get $34.50?”

He replies, “Yes, ma’am. The rod and reel is $20, but the Duck Call is $11, and the Catfish Bait is $3.50.”

She paid it and left without saying a word."
"Two years ago from today, i started taking cocaine." "Believe it or not, its not all it's cracked up to be."
"Steve complains to cop that someone dropped a box on his head" "\- ""What was in it?"" asks the cop

\- ""Nothing.""

\- ""And what was in the box?"""
"What is Santa’s favorite Christmas Song?" "What is Santa’s favorite Christmas Song?

Area Codes by Ludacris"
"I don't like that clown from IT." "He's always fooling around and cracking jokes instead of fixing our computers."
"What do you call the New Year?" "2020 won."
"My wife does think my joke is all that funny so let’s see what you guys think" "What did the child habanero say to his father? “Dad could we turn up the heat? I’m a little chili”"
"Theory and Reality" "Kid asks his Dad Dad, what is the difference between theory and reality. Well Son, go ask your Mom is she would sleep Antonio Banderas for a million bucks Kid asks his Mom. Mom says, well if no one found out, and we could really use the money. I think I would. Kid tells his Dad, now Son go ask your sister if she would do the same with Justin Bieber. Kid asks his sister, and she immediately says yes. The kid goes back and tells the Dad. Well Son, see! That's the difference between theory and reality. In theory, we are millionaires But in reality, we live with a couple of sluts."
"What do you call a snowman with dreadlocks?" "A snowmon"
Covid-19 "I'd tell you all a Covid-19 joke, but I'm 97% sure you wouldn't get it. . ."
"Being a surgeon who specializes in MtoF sex change operations isn't that hard." "A little snip here, a little snip there, and Bob's your aunt."
"If there was a gay US president, what would be the worst typing error he could make." "accidentally typing send nukes instead of send nudes to Kim yong-un"
"A man asks to his wife: why are you ironing the bra's if nothing is behind it?" "A man asks to his wife: why are you ironing the bra's if nothing is in it?

The woman answers: i also iron your underpants right?"
"I once told a random internet stranger my dick was 69 Frenches long." "The long on their face when I showed them it was only 23 mm."
"This sentence contains exactly threeee erors." "The third error? The fact that there are only two errors. 

The fourth error? Running this gag"
"A man walks into a bar" "A man walks into a bar and orders tons of shots of whiskey, he begins downing and downing them, and after he gets through them all, he says to the bartender: “I shouldn’t be drinking these with what I’ve got...”
The bartender then replies “Why, what have you got?”

“50 cents”"
"What do you call a grammar nazi?" "Alt write"
"I went back in time to meet a great classical composer of the 18th century but I couldn't meet him" "He was out choping"
"A good math joke for y'all" "How do mathematicians scold their children?

""If I've told this to you x times, I've told you (x+1) times..."""
"The Golf Pro" "A golf pro is going over his morning instruction list and sees the usual: a lawyer, a CEO, etc… Looking down the list, he sees someone who listed prostitute. Finally, someone different!

He meets her out on the putting green and introduces himself. “I would like to start your lessons by seeing you drive, let’s head over to the range.”

He tees up a golf ball, she takes a swing, and it burns across the grass. He tees up another, she takes a swing and shanks directly to the right almost hitting him and going nowhere.

“I think I see your problem. You’re holding the club way too tight. Try holding it like you would hold a penis.”

He tees up another, she takes a swing and BAM! The best drive he has ever seen!

“Amazing drive!!"" he says, ""Next time, take the club out of your mouth.”"
"I fainted in the curry house when I heard R.E.M had split up" "That's me in the Korma"
"This sentence contains exactly threeee erors" "The third error? The fact that there are only two errors. 

The fourth error? Running this gag"
"Hey do you guys know someone named sex?" "I think I might have offended them."
"I have many chemistry jokes.." "But I am afraid they won’t get a good reaction."
"After release from prison, a group of house burglars were hired by the national marijuana museum. Unfortunately they were fired, as after 3 days, they had only managed to set up a single item for display." "Guess they spent too long casing the joint."
"My teacher assigned us to do an essay, and I said, “I hate essays!”" "The Mexican kid in my class says, “Aye Holmes that’s racist!”"
"Newly weds know nothing about sex" "On their first time seeing each other naked, the man discover a cut between the thies of the wife. Next day he goes to a leatherworker and asks him to stich it up. Leatherworker tells him to come by later...  
Next day the man arrives, examines, and sholds with anger 

""I had asked you to stich it up, and not put in Glue/ Fevicol"""
"Do you want to hear 2 short jokes and 1 long joke" "Joke, Joke, Joooooooke"
"Did you hear about the new website for watersports fetishists?" "Their main draw is the streaming video service"
"One of the gas chambers broke during Hitler's reign but he was not worried" "It was very cheap to fix, one could even call it a hollow cost."
"A superhero team made out of trans women..." "The ex-men."
"My joke spawned by a question on /Askreddit: “For those of you who sleep naked, what problems have you experienced? “" "One shart and it would be all over."
"I got my first big tattoo today." "It was right next to my eye, hurt like hell. But I didn't even react to the pain. My girlfriend was so impressed.

She has never seen someone so paralyzed from fear before."
"What’s black and white and read all over?" "An artic fox on black tar heroine"
"""Libtard"" is the word ""retard"" with liberal added at the beginning." """Retard"" is the same but for Republicans."
"What do you call a Dinosaur that's also a witch?" "A Tyranosaurus-Hex."
"One day, a group of friars decides to open a flower shop as a way to raise money for their belfry." "Because they are men of God and pillars of the community, the locals start to buy all of their flowers from them. This draws the anger of another local florist,  who sees the holy men as having an unfair advantage due to their association with the church. 
After making countless attempts to put put them out of business, he decides to enlist the help of a local thug named Hugh to chase them  off. 
Hugh successfully scares the friars into closing their shop and fleeing town, once again proving that only Hugh can prevent florist friars."
"Why don’t Santa have children?" "Because he only gets to come once a year and that’s down a chimney."
"What do you call road kill in Alabama?" Breakfast
"Club manager: Your last joke was so bad it put the audience to sleep. What do you plan to do about it?" "Comedian: Copyright it and sell it as a cure for insomnia."
"A Roman walks into a bar and says ""I want a martinus""" "The confused bartender asks ""You mean a martini?"" 

The roman replies ""If I need a second one I will tell you""."
"The Stranglers broke into my house and stole my Cadbury's miniature chocolate assortment." "No more Heroes any more."
"What do you get when you cross a poodle with an elephant?" "A dead poodle, split in half."
"I was having sex with my german girlfriend but" "it was weird when she kept screaming her age"
"Why is AOC so good at getting what she wants from Pelosi?" "She was a bartender, she’s used to dealing with drunks."
"So a blonde goes to a lying competition" "The goal of the competition is to tell the most convincing, outrageous lie. The blonde thinks for days and days over what lie she is going to tell but she is never able to come up with a good one.

On the day of the competition, she walks up on stage, still lacking a good lie. She reaches for the microphone, grasping for any idea, and stares at the crowd. ""hmm, let me think about this"", she mutters to herself.

The crowd breaks into cheers and applause, confetti falls from the sky, and the Judge walks up to her, and gives her the first place award."
"What causes duck lips?" "Fowl breath"
"What do you call it when a snake is unable to have sex?" "&gt;!Ereptile disfunction!&lt;"
"Who did the zombie take to the dance?" "His Ghoul-friend"
"A boy comes home from school" "And asks his dad for some help with homework. “I need to find out the difference between potentially and reality. The dad says, “ok, go ask your mom if she would have sex with Mathew McConaughey for 1 million dollars”. The boy goes to his mom and asks. She replies, “Well, $1 million is a lot of money, and it would change our lives. I love your father, but yes, I would.” The boy goes back to his father and tells him that she said yes. “Ok, now go to your grandmother and ask her the same question.” The boy goes and comes right back. “She said yes too”. “Ok, now potentially, we are sitting on 2 million dollars, but in reality, we are living with a couple of whores.”"
"I told my friend I'm the most greatest ninja in the world. He said he never heard of me." Exactly.
"My favourite Old Dirty / Clean Joke" "A young man wished to purchase a present for his sweetheart, and after careful consideration, he decided on a pair of gloves. Accompanied by his sweetheart's sister, he went to a department store and bought a pair of white gloves. The sister purchased a pair of panties for herself. During the wrapping the items got mixed up. The sister got the gloves, and the sweetheart got the panties. Without checking the contents, he sealed the package and sent it to her with this note: 

Dearest Darling:
This is a little gift to show you I have not forgotten your birthday. I chose these because I noticed you are not in the habit of wearing any when we go out in the evening. If it had not been for your younger sister, I would have chosen the long ones with the buttons, but she wears the short ones that are very easy to remove.
These are a delicate shade, but the lady I bought them from showed me a pair she had been wearing for three weeks, and they were hardly soiled. I had the sales girl try them on, and she really looked smart. 
I wish I could put them on you for the very first time. No doubt other men's hands will come in contact with them before I have a chance to see you again. When you take them off, blow in them before putting them away as they will naturally be a little damp from wearing. Be sure to keep them on when you clean them, or they might shrink. I hope you will like them, and will wear them for me on Friday night!

All my love...

P.S. Just think how many times I will kiss them during the coming year. Also, the latest style is to wear them folded down with the fur showing."
"I volunteered for vaccine Trials" "I volunteered for vaccine trials Covid-19 in North Carolina, which were made by a Russian Pharmaceutical company. I received my 1st shot on Monday &amp; wanted to let everyone know that it’s safe with иo side effects whatsoeveя, and that I feelshκι χoρoshό я чувствую себя немного странно"
"I feel sorry for my circus friend, the human cannonball" "He just got fired"
"I have two concerns about the vaccine." "1. We don't if the vaccine gives superpowers.

2. We gave it to the English first.

I'm just remembering how the 19th and 20th centuries went for the world when England had the upper hand."
"This isn’t much of a joke but it’s really funny and idk where to put it" "So my mom and my neighbor are good friends and this was a long time ago when I was about 7 or 8 and my neighbor had a house like kinda far away in like a snowy place and he hangs out there a lot so he knows a lot of the people because it’s not a very large town so basically he has a friend named let’s say John and John was a cool guy he was literally the embodiment of someone named John I’m not even kidding but basically John and my newbie let’s say jerry idk were friends and they talked a lot and hung out a lot and I don’t really remember why but like he stayed at Jerry’s house and so we stayed up on this mountain with jerry and saw John a lot and then after a few days we had to go back because we had school but we left really late on accident and so we decided ehh let’s stay the night and leave really early and here’s the funny part jerry said John better not be at his house cause John was kinda annoying and I and my sister were making jokes like oh yeah he’s gonna be there and I say with my little kid brain “he’s gonna run out all naked and stuff and be like oh what are u doing here” jerry said “no way” WE ARRIVE AND GUESS WHAT he comes running out with a towel around his waist Butt ass naked like “OH WHAT ARE U GUYS DOING HERE” jerry just busts out laughing and it was great we still talk about that too this day"
"Teacher: ”what is 4+2?”" "Johnny: ”3!”

Teacher: ”Yes, you are right.”"
"What does one wall say to the other?" "Wall, hello there!  

(Credit to my 6yr old niece)"
"Have you heard of Deja moo?" "It's the feeling you get when you heard this bull before.

This is absolutely unoriginal but should be shared anyway, because it's so good. Have a great rest of your day!"
"What generation does Forrest Gump belong to?" "GEN A"
"What did the Soviets say during the 1956 Hungarian Revolution?" "Soviets:You're not you when you're Hungary. Have a tank."
"Look a shooting star! I wish the rest of 2020 would be a little more stress free and easy!" "Wait it’s not a sho.... *kaboom*"
"St. Peter was looking down at Earth one Sunday and saw a Baptist minister playing golf" "After a bit of investigating, he found the man had asked his lay clergy to conduct that day's service so he could take advantage of good weather.  Incensed, St. Peter goes to God to complain.

""Lord, can you believe this? A man who preaches your Word, neglecting his sacred duty so he can golf.""

God nods. ""Thank you for bringing this to my attention, Peter.  I'll handle it.""  He points at the preacher, and a few minutes later, the man hits a hole in one on the most difficult hole of the course.

St. Peter frowns. ""Lord, I don't mean to question you, but what kind of punishment is that?""

God smirks.  ""Who's he going to tell?"""
"Food for thought" "Why did the tomato blush?

He saw the salad dressing"
"I'm dating an astronomer and she's a total nerd," "but with a heavenly body."
"[NSFW] Why is prostitution cheaper in Alabama?" "Family discount"
"What happened when the knife went for a drive?" "It took a sharp turn"
"Donkey Lives Matter" "Two terrorists having discussion in a bar. The waiter asks them what the discussion was about? Terrorist :- We are planning to kill 14 thousand people and a donkey.. Waiter :- Why a donkey? Then one terrorist says to the other, ""See I told you nobody will care about the 14 thousand people""."
"My mom and I were peeling apples to make a cake." "This is a true story that actually happened today.

My mom and I were peeling apples to make a cake. There was a lot of waste and I felt bad about throwing it out. I've liked the idea of getting a chicken to feed the scraps to. Today I decided to pretend we already had a chicken.

""What are we doing with these scraps? Giving them to the chicken?"", I asked. She replies, ""What chicken, we don't have a chicken"". I said ""yes we do, she is in the backyard"". My mom decides to play along and asks, ""well what is the chicken's name?"".

I think for awhile and reply ""Becky"". ""Why Becky?"", she inquires. ""Because it sounds like a name you would give to a chicken. It kind of sounds like bock."" I replied. ""Ok, give the scraps to Becky when you are done"", my mother instructs me.

A short while later we are done peeling the apples. My mom begins to eat the peels, so I ask her why she is eating them. She replies, ""I'm Becky""."
"A priest is up giving a sermon one Sunday morning" "The priest tries a experiment. He tells everyone “stand up all those who want to go to heaven!” And everyone stands up. He then tells them to sit back down. Then he says “stand up all those who want to go to hell” and one man stands up, Murphy. So the priest says “Murphy why on earth do you want to go to hell?” Murphy replied “oh no father, I don’t want to go to hell, I couldn’t bear to see ya standing up there by yourself”

Write it down it’s a good one!"
Orphans "The “F” in orphan stands for family"
"I can't stand constipated liars." "They're so full of shit."
"A hairy Italian man was distraught over the amount of feces stuck in his ass hair after taking a shit" "He asked a stray cat walking by if he had the same problem, seeing as this cat had the same amount of fur surrounding his anus. 
Before the stray cat could answer the Italian man picked him up &amp; wiped his ass with him before entering a cab"
"I wanted to take a shower now but realized I will soon need to use the bathroom, so I’ll wait a bit." "I don’t want to be wasteful."
"What do you call a small Irish Scammer?" "A Lepro-CON!"
"A man once bought a voodoo blow up doll" "He still lived with his mom so he hoped his mom didn’t find out. So when the package came he had to hide it quickly so his mom doesn’t find out. he went upstairs really fast pretending he had to go to the bathroom. in his room he blew it up and pulled his pants down then put his dick in the blow up dolls mouth. Downstairs his mom is watching tv and all of a sudden she starts choking. She goes upstairs and tells her son that she’s choking and for him to help her. When she enters the room she sees her son butt naked putting his dick in the dolls mouth and once he takes it out his mom stops choking."
"What do most jokes on this sub start with?" "I apologize if this is a repost but I never seen this before. 

CTRL + V"
"I was so sure my new hire was Spider-Man" "Because his resume said he was a web designer."
"How did the Eskimo get scared?" "A cari-boo!"
"Woman walks into the pharmacy" "\- ""I would like to buy arsenic.""

\- ""You cannot buy that just so - that's a strong poison - what do you need it for?""

\- ""I would like to use it to kill my husband."" she replies

\- ""Mam, I cannot do that. I cannot sell you arsenic for that purpose."" pharmacist said.

She opens her purse and without a word shows a picture of her husband having a sex with pharmacists wife. He looks at it and says.

\- ""Lady, you should have said you have a prescription."""
"What kind of doughnuts do pornstars like?" "Glazed and Cream Filled!"
"What kind fo doughnuts do pornstars like?" "Glazed and Cream Filled!"
"She wears short skirts, I wear t-shirts" "Well, Taylor, both your ""not like other girls"" character and your doppelganger are half-naked. 

Maybe worry about that instead of your clothing choices."
"What kind of cookies do pornstars like?" "Double Stuffed"
"What's the difference between outer space &amp; John Lennon?" "**outer space is full of black holes &amp; John Lennon is full of bullet holes**"
"A horse walks into a bar. “Why the long face?” says the bartender" "The horse, not being able to comprehend English; on account of it being a horse, promptly shits on the floor and exits the bar."
"I know men over mansplain things some times..." "But why do women keep ovaryacting to it?"
"I know men over explain this some times..." "By why do women keep ovaryacting to it?"
"What is guerrilla journalism?" "It is the journalism practiced by the trees in Vietnam."
"A truck driver, a priest, and a lawyer." "Being a truck driver can be very boring.  One truck driver has created a game for himself to help stave off the boredom.  Every time he sees a lawyer walking on the side of the road, he veers off and runs him over.

One day, the truck driver picks up a hitchhiking priest.  The priest is quietly buried in the Bible, and so the truck driver forgets he's even there.  He sees a lawyer, and as per his habit, he veers off to hit him.  At the last second, he remembers there's a priest in the car, and jerks back onto the road, barely missing the lawyer.

He says, ""I'm sorry about that, father.""

The priest says, ""Don't worry.  I got him with my door."""
"A ‘divine’ healer in his ‘miracle’ ministry called, ""Anyone with 'special needs' who wants to be prayed for, please come forward to the front.""" "With that, John got in line and when it was his turn the Pastor asked, "" John, what do you want me to pray for you?""

John replied, ""Pastor, I need you to pray for help with my hearing.""

The Pastor put one finger of one hand on John's ear, placed his other hand on top of John's head, and then prayed and prayed and the whole congregation joined in with much enthusiasm. After a few minutes, the Pastor removed his hands, stood back and asked: ""John, how is your hearing now?""

John answered, ""I don't know. My hearing is actually next Thursday in the  ""Magistrate Court."""
"What do you call the collective of all movies, songs, and stories about dogs?" "Pup culture"
"What do you call a midget in love?" micromantic
"When the fly drops" "One day, a man was out fishing on the lake. His cat was lounging lazily on the deck, his dog's tail wagging back and forth.

A fly was hovering over the water for a few minutes, when a fish noticed the fly. The fish thought, ""You know, if that fly drops about 6 inches, i bet i could hop out of the water just enough to eat it.

The cat was watching the fish through the water, and thought, if that fish jumps out of the water, i bet i could catch it before the man can catch it.

A mouse is watching the cat thinking, ""If that cat gets distracted, i can run out and get some of the mans lunch.

The Dog is looking at the mouse and thinks, ""If that mouse runs out, the man would get scared, maybe i can get his food!""

&amp;#x200B;

So when the fish drops, the fish springs into action, and grabs at the fly! The cat, seeing the fish jump out of the water reaches out to grab the fish from the air!

However the man noticed the fish very fast and went to catch it. This caused the cat to overreach, and caused him to fall into the water.

The moral of the story is, every time the fly drops about 6 inches, the pussy always gets wet!"
"Knock knock: who's there?" "**orange: 
orange who?
Orange fat asshole who got fired by america for being a fat orange asshole**"
"Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms!" "Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms!"
"Kenobi will be the first character in Star Wars to be played by 3 different actors" "I guess we can now call him Obi Three Kenobi"
"Trump’s been bragging that he’s never lost a presidential election, but neither have any of his supporters" "In fact, none of his supporters have ever even been in a presidential election"
"Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms!" "Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms! Frosted Flakes! Cheerios! Lucky Charms!"
"Trump has been telling his supporters that he’s never lost a presidential election, but..." "Neither have any of his supporters.."
"""I can't find Luke!""" "Well, I guess you're looking in alderaan places, because I'm right here."
"What do blind squirrels and testicular cancer patients have in common?" "They can’t find their nuts"
"How to get a girlfriend" "
Wait a second, this ain’t Google"
"I recently had surgery and now I can't see foward" "Guess you could say I can't keep my head straight"
"What’s the best first name for a news anchor that breaks a lot of big stories?" "This: Justin."
"If I'm in L.A., where do I go for free movies and music?" Torrance.
"I once heard a great joke about Nazy Germany" "It was Hitlerious"
"a straight white male" "a straight white male has been robbing women and lgbtq people of their acting roles.                      

                                                                                      

And even after he admitted to it, netflix is letting him keep his role as a lesbian woman on The Umbrella Academy"
"What do toddlers and paleontologists have in common ?" "They both want to know your top 5 favorite dinosaurs"
"As a dominant I love reddit..." "This place is full of subs"
"A Pastor was preaching in December." "Every year on December, the pastor would always preach on topics revolving around Christmas.

One particular December Sunday, he asked the congregation, ""Do you know what about I'm going to preach about today?""

The congregation replied with a resounding Yes.

So the preacher says, ""We'll If that's the case, then have a nice day."" The preacher then leaves yhe church and goes home.

Next Sunday the preacher asks the same thing, ""Do you know what I'm going to preach about today?""

Once again, the congregation replied with a resounding Yes.

And preacher once again said, ""We'll If that's the case, then have a nice day."" The preacher once again leaves and goes home.

The following Sunday, knowing that the preacher would ask them the same question, the congregation agreed that half of them would say Yes and other half would say no.

As the Preacher got up to the pulpit, sure enough he asked the same question to his congregation, ""Do you know what I'm going to preach about today?""

To which, half the congregation said Yes and the other half said No.

The preacher looked at the congregation for a couple of seconds and said, ""We'll If that's the case, then I would like the half that knows to tell the other half that doesn't know. Have a nice day."""
"What do condoms and masks have in common?" "Its safe to come inside if you're wearing them"
"My skydiving instructor said, ""if you dont hurry up and jump I'm going to stick my dick in your ass""" "So I ended up jumping, but just a little"
"What do you call an espresso with a cold?" Cough-ee
"If there's one thing you should know about camping..." "...its in tents."
"A man walks into a bar....." "Lucky bastard."
"Why didn't 4 ask out 5?" "Because he was 2²"
"What do you call a gay dinosaur?" "Mega sore ass"
"What did Donald Trump say when he heard of what was found in Bubba Wallace's locker?" "Fake noose"
"What’s ligma" "LIGMA BALLS BITCH LMFAOOAOAOOOO🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣"
"As I stood there seeing my girlfriend's peaceful face, I remembered that this would be our last day together. So I decided to make the most of it by making love to her one last time..." "Unfortunately, no one else at her funeral shared my sentiment."
"Yo mamas so fat" "She couldn’t even type 2 because of her diabetes"
"Boy: Dad, was I adopted?" "Oh, no, son!
You were forced on us."
"What do you call someone who loves many people against their spouse's wishes?" "A philanderpist"
"When I was a little Eskimo kid, I would start misbehaving." "So my dad always said, I will have Nunavut!"
"The nuthouse" "Why did the squirrel end up in the nut house? He had one fall and heard someone say OH A CASHEEEEEW and the rest is history....."
"A Spanish man is showing his friend his boats" "He tells his friend he has a boat named uno, dos, tres, cuatro, and seis.

His friend asks what happened to the fifth one

The Spanish man says: Cinco!"
"Why don't the Clintons like Jehovah's Witnesses?" "The Clintons don't like ANY witn"
"i wrote this as a kid: Why did Jesus have low self esteem" "He was Jewish. He didn’t believe in himself."
"If it takes 5 shots to take a deer down," "that's 5 pops a buck."
"My wife told me women can multitask better than men." "I told her,”No they cant and I can prove it.”    
she said, “ OK prove it.”

I said,”Shut the fuck up and cook my breakfast.”

She couldn’t do either one."
"I take LSD every time I go to a dubstep concert, but it always wears off." "I think it’s because the bass neutralizes the acid"
"What did G say when it hurt H's feelings?" "H, I J/K"
"What did G say when hurt H's feelings" "H, I J/K"
"A blonde goes into a library" "A blonde goes into a library, strides up to the counter and says ‘I’ll have a cheeseburger and French fries, please’. The librarian, confused, replies, ‘Madam, this is a library’. Looking around, the blonde apologises, and whispers, ‘I’ll have a cheeseburger and French fries please.’"
"Hey girl, are you a priest?" "..because I feel like a kid again"
"Two guys go into a hat shop run by a cyclops." "One of them says ""That's the one I'd get"". So the cyclops hit him."
"Food jokes!" "Why does Mr Crabs, from SpongeBob, always work alone...


Because he is shellfish..."
"PSA: Police are warning against large amounts of fake $1 bills this holiday season" "Look out for hot singles in your area."
"What’s the difference between a sniper with bad eyesight and a constipated owl?" "One shoots but doesn’t hit and the other hoots but doesn’t shit."
"What do people always have but never give it to others?" "A shit."
"I asked my server for a cup of ice." "She asked “Ok, would you like some peas with that?”

I said “No, just ice. No peas”"
"If you are out window-shopping..." "...does that mean you're buy-curious?"
"Two cannibals are eating a clown." "One says ""does this taste funny?"""
Wack-em "A man confessed to killing a cow in a rice field today with 2 porcelain figures, officials say that this is the first confirmed case of a knick-knack paddy wack"
"A white scientist is studying a tribe in Africa" "A white scientist is studying an African tribe.

One day, the tribe leaders wife has a white son.

The tribe leader approaches the scientist soon after.

""Well, we both know what happened here. No one else could have done it. You slept with my wife, I have to kill you."" The tribe leader says.

The scientist's brow furrows as he is deep in thought.

""No no no sir there's been a terrible misunderstanding!"" The scientist exclaims. ""Look out at the pasture."" He points his index finger to the fields, where a flock of sheep are grazing.

""Yes, what is the matter? It's just sheep."" The tribe leader asks.

""Do you see that sheep?  It's black, while the rest of the sheep are white. The same can be said about your son, It simply happens sometimes in nature.""

The tribe leader grasps the scientists shoulders and stares him down intensely.

""I won't say anything about my son if you don't say anything about that sheep"""
"Happy Hanukkah! Here's a Hanukkah joke:" "**Q:** What did the candles say when the menorah complained about getting too hot?                          

**A:** Whoa, a talking menorah.

**Q:** Which hand is best to light the menorah with?

**A:** Neither, it's best to light it with a candle.

**Q:** What is the best Hanukkah gift to give to the person who has everything?

**A:** A burglar alarm.

&amp;#x200B;

I hope you enjoyed these awesome jokes!"
"They just announced Time’s person of the year..." "...and once again, it is a Retard"
"9/11 and Santa" "What does Santa and 9/11 have in common?

They both are fake."
"In Pakistan there exists only one prostitute. Her name is..." "La Whore"
"Dads are like boomerangs!" "I hope..."
"What kind of cannabis does a mermaid smoke?" Seaweed!
"Dads are like boomerangs," "I hope..."
"Person couldn't eat, sleep, or talk" "A man walks his son into a doctor's office and tells the doctor that his son ""Couldn't eat, sleep, or even talk.""  
The doctor askes if the father if there was anything significant that happened recently.  
The Father says, ""Why yes my son recently got his braces."""
"I hired a French personal trainer and told him I wanted to work out my eyes." "He said ""Les yeux it!"""
"I once knew this strange guy who was obsessed with his old girlfriend even though she had already moved on" "He was really ex-centric"
"Biden is having the entire Whitehouse disinfected and sanitized and Trump is PISSED...." "that he missed the opportunity to do that when the last guy left."
"Is this your first time with a prostitute?" "Yes...
Is this why you are so nervous?
Aha... 
Its ok, just tell me what you like the most? 
Chicken wings with mashed potatoes and spinach..."
"From my 8 year old..." "What do you get when you mix a Christmas tree and an IPad? A pineapple. 

Don't  ban me please."
"My grandfather promised to take me fishing next week but he had a heart attack this morning." "Even after death he is keeping his promise of collecting worms."
"My grandfather to take me fishing next Saturday but he died on Friday." "Even after death he is keeping his promise of collecting worms."
"Why does WAP by Cardi b Sound so bad?" "Because she sucks"
"Trying to reach us..." "Is it possible that the monolith in Utah is an alien culture trying to reach us about our planet's extended warranty?"
"Shrodinger's Joke" "...is neither humourous, nor humourless until it is told."
"An older white haired man walked into a jewelry store one Friday evening with a beautiful young gal at his side." " 

He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend.

The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring and showed it to him.

The old man said, ""I don't think you understand, I want something very special.""

At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought another ring over. ""Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000"", the jeweler said.

The young lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement.

The old man seeing this said, ""We'll take it.""

The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the old man stated, by check. ""I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds and I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon,"" he said.

Monday morning, a very teed-off jeweler phoned the old man. ""There's no money in that account.""

""I know"", said the old man, ""but can you imagine the weekend I had?"""
"Lost my pizza cutter, so I used my Bryan Adams CD..." "It cuts like a knife."
"An older white haired man walked into a jewelry store one Friday evening with a beautiful young gal at his side." " 

He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend.

The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring and showed it to him.

The old man said, ""I don't think you understand, I want something very special.""

At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought another ring over. ""Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000"", the jeweler said.

The young lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement.

The old man seeing this said, ""We'll take it.""

The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the old man stated, by check. ""I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds and I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon,"" he said.

Monday morning, a very teed-off jeweler phoned the old man. ""There's no money in that account.""

""I know"", said the old man, ""but can you imagine the weekend I had?"""
"At the age of 73, Arnold Schwarzenegger is amazing in the latest Terminator movie." "The only difference is the catch phrase, which has been changed to....""Aaaaarrhh my back."""
"What do you call a one legged woman?" "

Eileen


What do you call a one legged Asian woman


Irene"
"American/Russian dog fight" "
The Americans and Russians at the height of the arms race realized that if they continued in the usual manner they were going to blow up the whole world. One day they sat down and decided to settle the whole dispute with one dog fight. They would have five years to breed the best fighting dog in the world and whichever side's dog won would be entitled to dominate the world.
The Russians found the biggest meanest Doberman and Rottweiler female dogs in the world and bred them with the biggest meanest Siberian wolves. They selected only the biggest and strongest puppy from each litter, removed his siblings, which gave him all the milk. After five years they came up with the biggest meanest dog the world had ever seen.
Its cage needed steel bars that were five inches thick and nobody could get near it.
When the day came for the dog fight, the Americans showed up with a strange animal. It was a nine foot long Dachshund. Everyone felt sorry for the Americans because they knew there was no way that this dog could possibly last 10 seconds with the Russian dog.
When the cages were opened up, the Dachshund came out of it's cage and slowly waddled over towards the Russian dog. The Russian dog snarled and leaped out of it's cage and charged the American dachshund. But, when it got close enough to bite the Dachshund's neck, the Dachshund opened it's mouth and consumed the Russian dog in one bite.
There was nothing left at all of the Russian dog.
The Russians came up to the Americans shaking their heads in disbelief. ""We don't understand how this could have happened. We had our best people working for five years with the meanest Doberman and Rottweiler female dogs in the world and the biggest meanest Siberian wolves.""
""That's nothing"", an American replied. ""Do you know how hard it is to make an alligator look like a Dachshund."
"Human is the only species that evolve chin" "I'm so advanced that I already doubled it."
"Random thought" "Pregnant horses can run faster, coz they have two horse power."
"Why did the orange stop halfway up the hill?" "Cause it ran out of juice."
"Three fishermen catch a mermaid. If they agree to set her free, she will grant them each a wish. The first guy says, ""OK, I want you to double my I.Q."" Immediately, the guy recites Shakespeare flawlessly. The second guy asks the mermaid to triple his I.Q." "Suddenly, he's spouting complicated mathematical solutions. Impressed, the last guy asks the mermaid to quintuple his I.Q. The mermaid hesitates and asks, ""Are you sure that's what you really want?"" ""Absolutely!"" says the man. The mermaid smiles. Instantly, the third man turns into a woman."
"I try to catch up regularly with r/constipation" "..but it’s a pain in the ass"
"A man was driving up a steep and narrow mountain road. A woman was driving down the same road. As they passed each other, the woman leaned out the window and yelled, ""Pig!"" The man immediately leaned out his window and replied, ""Bitch!""" " They continue on their way, and as the man rounded the next corner, he crashes into a pig in the middle of the road."
"Q: Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring and good-looking?" "A: Because all those men already have boyfriends."
"Paddy’s on the top diving board about to dive in and a guy shouts out PADDY, THE POOL IS EMPTY - THERE’S NO WATER IN IT!" "Paddy shouts back as he dives THAT’S OK, I DON’T KNOW HOW TO SWIM ANYWAY."
"A man goes to a library.." "A man goes to a library and asks the librarian for a book on how to commit suicide, the librarian replies, ""fuck off, you won't bring it back."""
"Why doesnt Chinese kids believe in Santa Claus?" "Because its them that make the presents"
"You know what's weird with homophobes these days?" "A lot of them seem to be on Trump's dick."
"Can you stop yesing me" No
"What's the difference between Trump and Dracula" "Dracula is a count.
Trump is a cunt.



I hope this hasn't been posted before because I just thought of it."
"I hate falling asleep" "I hit my head on something every single time."
"Why is Santa so jolly?" "He knows where all the naughty girls live."
AnAlienIsFlyingInItsSaucer "AndItNoticesAnAstronaughtWonderingAround.

ItGoesOverToHimAndAsksWhatHe'sDoimg

TheSpacemanSays""IReallyNeedADrinkButICan'tFindTheSpacebar"""
"Little Johnnys mother recently gave birth to his brother little jimmy" "Now little johny is jealous of all the attention and the gifts that his new brother little Jimmy is getting from his parents and neighbors. Evil little johny decides to poison him

One night when his mother was sleeping, little johny took some poison and applied it to her breasts and lips so that little Jimmy would die when she feeds him or kisses him. The next day little johny woke up hearing the sounds of sirens and cries. Realising that his evil plan has worked out. Little johny went to his parents and saw his mom crying he asked them what was going on. His dad replied;

""O Johnny a terrible tragedy has happened. You know our neighbour Lary from next door. He was found dead this morning. They say that he was poisoned""."
"Liam, Harry, Nial, Zayn and Louis were found dead one day..." "Two detectives arrive the scene.

One detective says, "" This can go in more than One Direction""

The other said,"" You and I..."""
"If you though watergate was bad..right after Trump leaves the white house Biden is going to have it doused in disinfectant." Fumigate.
"Little Johnny's mother gave birth to his brother recently" "Now little johny is jealous of his new baby brother little Jimmy, since he is now getting all the attention and gifts from his parents and neighbors. Evil little johny decided to kill his baby brother out of jealousy. 

One night when his mother was sleeping little johny took some poison and applied it to her lips and breasts so that little Jimmy will die when she feeds him and kisses him.
The next day little that his little plan has worked out little johny went to his parents and asked his dad what was happening. His dad said;

""O johny a terrible thing has happened, you know our neighbour Lary from next door. They found him dead today. They think that he was poisoned"""
"Cyberpunk is so full of bugs, it should be called.." "Hollow knight 2"
"My friend does a circle jerk with his friends every year" "He hosted their first one 5 years ago, and the one this year is returning back to his place

He’s really cum full circle"
"What do you call a cow with no legs?" "A disappointment."
"What's the difference between apples and orphans?" "Apples get picked"
"God, I'm so ugly" "That when I tried to contact Bloody Mary last night, she ghosted me."
"What does a nosy pepper do?" "Gets jalapeño business!"
"A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead notice a sticky white substance on the floor of the elevator up to their flat..." "“Looks like semen” says the brunette, eyeing it

“Smells like semen” says the blonde, sniffing it

“Nobody in this building”, says the redhead, tasting it"
"People say that time flies when your having fun" "But I don’t have fun on a plane    ;)"
"I met a wolf the other day and taught it how to meditate." "He is aware wolf now."
"The Libertarian mascott is a porcupine. Wich is perfect" "Its ""bunch of little pricks slowly going no place in particular"""
"2020. the 2020 election and everything else that happened." "Thats it, thats the whole fucking joke."
"What do you call a Democratic cat?" Democat.
"When you want to make a chemistry joke" "but you get no reaction"
"A man and a woman are on a date" "They’re getting dinner at a newly opened upscale restaurant downtown. Looking through the menu, they’re taken aback by the number of ingredients they’ve never seen before. 

The waiter stops by the table to get their order.

“What would you all like today?”, he asks. 

The man, struggling to decide, asks “What is this ingredient?”, motioning to the menu. 

“Ah, that is a very unique, spectacularly aged cheese. It is from a small farm in the central Netherlands.” 

Excited by the waiter’s description, he orders the item. The woman orders, they hand off their menus, and they wait anxiously. 

Finally, the meals arrive. The man immediately grabs his utensils and gets a large mouthful. He starts chewing, winces, and then swallows. All this time, the woman is watching him, in awe at his pace. She sees him wince. 

“Is the cheese bad?”, she asks the man. 

“Well, it isn’t Gouda.”"
"CD Project Red said that Cyberpunk 2077 was optimised for the PS4, Xbox one and PC" "CD Project Red said that Cyberpunk 2077 was optimised for the PS4, Xbox one and PC"
"For my first cake day I want to share a joke my dad told me when I was probably too young to really understand it. How does an elephant hide in the jungle?" "Climbs to the top of a cherry tree and paints his balls red. 

What’s the loudest sound in the jungle? 

Giraffes eating cherries! 

(Apologies if you’ve heard it before fellow Redditors! Maybe by next cake day I’ll get better material)"
"Did you hear about a house built by Microsoft?" "What it Excels in is the Outlook from its Windows."
"Why did the little boy drop his ice cream?" "Because he got hit by a fucking train."
"I dated a demon but I had to break up with him" "He was too possessive"
"Mark was at the store deciding on which type of insecticide he should buy when a retailer asked him if he needed any help." """Is this good for wasps?"" Mark asked.

*""No, it kills them.""*"
"A man chops off his dick" "and gets a boob job. He then puts on a bunch of makeup, takes estrogen hormones, wears a dress and high heels. 

His friend asks him ""what the hell are you doing?""

He replies, ""I'm a woman now."""
"This pastor decided to skip church one sunday morning and go play golf." "He told his assistant that he wasn't feeling well. He drove to a golf course in another city, so nobody would know him. 

He teed off on the first hole. A huge gust of wind caught his ball, carried is an extra hundred yards and dropped it right in the hole, for a 450 yard hole in one. 

An angel looked at God and said ""What'd you do that for?"" God smiled and said ""Who's he going to tell?"""
"How do you make a small fortune from investing in Bitcoin?" "Start off by investing a large fortune in Bitcoin."
"TIL that Jules Verne did not write Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea" "He wrote at a desk like a sensible person would."
"Two jewish man are talking." "Jew1 :

Damn man that's an amazing watch you have on your wrist.

Jew2:

Yeah i know. it belonged to my father. He sold it to me on his deathbed seconds before he died."
"Just watched this amazing video on camping." "It’s in tents."
"Where do baby ghosts go when their parents are at work?" "To day-scare!"
"Before embarking on the journey through the Atlantic Ocean, the Captain of the Titanic found it apt to brief the passengers on the kind of feat which had been achieved by the making of this grand ship." """This is one of the greatest achievements of mankind, to be able to pull of such a beautiful piece engineering and that a single ship is capable of housing over thousand three hundred people.""

He continued along these lines and gave a brief history on how the idea of such a majestic ship first came into existence and proceeded to give the specifics of the ship

""Being over a quarter of a kilometre in length, this ship carries over thirty tons of weight on it and dare I say, is the most luxurious journey you will ever be able to experience. For those of you who are wondering how luxurious this ship is, let me tell you this, we have a gynasium, electric baths, and a swimming pool""

""Let that sink in"""
"My dad has the heart of a lion" "And a lifetime ban from the zoo."
"What is Ironman underneath his suit?" "Stark naked."
"What do you call a woman driving a car?" "Monkey with grenade on unicycle."
"A man walks into a bar" """Who the fuck painted my whole motorcycle pink??""

A 2m tall muscular guy gets up from the table: ""Me, why?""

""Nothing, paint is dry and it's time for the second coat"""
"Where does a chemist go when he has to cook Mexican food?" "He goes to the store to buy an Avogadro"
"2 friends" " 

2 friends John and George go to the movies in order to watch a **WWII** movie.

at beginning of the movie, john had the urge to fart but he couldn't do so, since he was in a theater full of people and they would hear him....

so he waited for the perfect moment .... and when in the movie, there was a battle and the loud machine guns were firing he started farting without being noticed at all.

Later on, he wanted to fart again so he again waited for the right moment.... and when the soldiers were throwing grenades he farted without being noticed yet again.

Near the end of the movie, his urge to fart came back, but this time it was way bigger...so he waits for the right moment for quite a bit, until there is a scene where the Germans were about to blow up an entire train... the noise of this scene was SO loud that it covered the sound of the too extremely loud fart of Jhon's.

In the meantime his friend George who was asleep, woke up but the loud sound of the train exploding and asks his friend John what happened.

""the Germans blew up the whole train"" said John .

So George replies to him

""and what the hell was this train carrying ?? shit???"""
"Whats pink and fluffy?" "Pink fluff. Whats blue and fluffy?  Pink fluff holding its breath"
"My little daughter came to me all excited, shrieking, “Daddy! Daddy! Guess how old I’ll be in October!” Playing along, I laughed, “Oh I don’t know princess, why don’t you tell me?” She gave me a huge smile and held up four fingers..." "

It’s now three hours later, the police are annoyed and she *still* won’t say where she got them..."
"Somebody told my g/f it was sexy to bite her lip posing for photographs...." "I still haven't found the courage to tell her its the bottom lip you bite......

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

(you just tried to bite your upper lip)"
"How do you plan a party on a planet?" "You planet! Haha..."
"My cat came back inside today" "She was soaking wet
So to no one but myself I said “that’s a WAP”"
"How does a gold digger turn on a computer?" "By seduction."
"A man goes to the doctor, because he feels tired all the time" """Say forty-five"", asks the doctor.
""Forty-four, sorry I can't make it"""
"Roll the Dice" "Jack &amp; Jill went up hill
Each with a buck &amp; a quarter
Jill came down with 2.50. Ohhhhhhhh
Little Miss Muffet
Sat on her tuffet
Doing her daily do
Along came a spider
Sat down beside her
And said
""Ive got got to go when you're through!""
Ohhhhhhhh"
"Why did the Mexican throw his wife out the window?" "

Tequila!"
"Jesus Christ said "" When one door closes,another one opens""" "Not the best words the customer wanted to hear from a carpenter.."
"Why are you reading this and why are you on reddit?" "Because you either want to laugh cuz your day has been so stressful or you just wanna see who posted jokes that are in your league or suite you if you know what I am saying...."
"How to get free karma?" "Piece of cake."
"Did you know France is super communist?" "Oui oui"
"I have a very good reason not to trust trees" "They seem shady"
"“You are thirty minutes late... “" "Me: Yes

She: Would you be thirty minutes late to a wedding or a funeral?

Me: No

She: Why not, pray tell?

Me: Well, if the funeral was mine, I'd have to be on time. If the wedding was mine, it would be my funeral."
"Why do blind people hate skydiving?" "Because it scares the hell out of their dogs!

Credit: Paddy's gang"
"How do you make an electrician sad" "You kill his daughter."
"‘Home alone’ is the perfect movie for Xmas 2020." "*All your friends will be watching Home Alone too..."
"My girlfriend came out with a..." "... nasty rash where I ejaculated on her.

Apparently she has a nut allergy."
"I just quit my job at the gym because I wasn't big or strong enough" "I've handed in my too weak notice"
"What's the file extension of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer intro?" .rar
"A month." "I had a 35 yo girlfriend for a month. I then had a 55 yo girlfriend for a month"
"How does a prostitute greet a king?" "By doing a hobo?"
"I was on a first date with a girl and she mentioned her Grandfather survived Auschwitz..." "I said ""that's a coincidence so was my Grandfather but he died there"".

""Oh that's so sad""

""I know it was tragic, he fell of the guard tower""."
"Company is looking for new employee" " The director of a company is looking for a new employee, there are some CVs on his desk. An employee comes to his office and notices CV on the top of stack: 

Wow… This is Tony, hire him. You will have a great time with him. Everyone knows him, he can arrange everything and so much. 

So the director thinks about it, calls him for a personal interview. 

After the interview, he accompanies him when the Minister of Foreign Affairs stops at the company and immediately:

 Hi Tony, what about you here?

 So the director thinks: The fuck, he is probably really known, I'll hire him, at least he'll be helpful.

 After a week, the director is taking him to lunch when the US president is sitting at the side table. Immediately:

 Hi Tony! Well, how are you, I haven't seen you in a long time! 

The director just shakes his head, does not understand… 

At two weeks, the director is on duty at the Vatican, so thinks that it will not be bad if he also takes Tony. They came to the Vatican, where is St. Peter's Square full of people. The Pope in the window waves at people. Tony looks up and says to the director:

 Listen, wait here. I will go to the Pope and wave at you from the window. 

The director tries to stop him, that it probably won't be a good idea, that it will be a trouble. After a while, however, Tony appears in the window, the Pope holds his shoulder and they wave together.

 After a few minutes, Tony returns and there is an ambulance and a director with an oxygen mask. Tony asks:

 Mr. Director, for God, what happened to you?

Director: Well, you know … I didn't understand when you appeared beside the Pope up there. But I almost died, when there came Japanese with camera to me and asked : Who is that guy in white next to Tony?"
"Did you hear the one about the bad bear in Boise who went into a bar and ordered a beer?" "A bad bear goes into a bar in Boise and says to the bartender, “Give me a beer.”  The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve beer to bad bears in Boise.”  The bear says,” I said give me a beer,” and the bartender says, “I told you, we don’t serve beer to bad bears in Boise.”  So the bear goes to the end of the bar, eats a female customer, comes back and says to the bartender, “There, what do you think about that? Now, give me a beer.”  So the bartender says, “I keep telling you, we don’t serve beer to bad bears in Boise, especially ones on drugs.”  The bear says, “I’m not on drugs,” and the bartender says, “sure you are, that was a bar-bitch-you-ate.”"
"Why doesn't NF like imaginary numbers?" "Because they aren't real."
"My girlfriend just sent me a message saying, ""helpmyspacebarbrokecanyoucomeoverandgivemeanalternative""." "What does ternative mean?"
"Why does Donald Trump thinks he can become King of the USA?" "Because his actions led to a Coronation."
"What's better than a front row ticket to the special Olympics?" "ICE CREAM!"
"Antarctica is mad at California. What does California say?" "Why so **Cold** Antarctica?"
"What will happen if your kid comes out as a trans?" "You become transparent"
"I was watching anime movie Kimi No Na Wa (Literally translated to Your Name) When a friend drops by" "Let's call him Jake. He's a Kevin

&amp;#x200B;

J: Whatcha watching?

&amp;#x200B;

Me: Your Name

&amp;#x200B;

J: Huh? My Name's Jake

&amp;#x200B;

Me: ...

&amp;#x200B;

J: ...

&amp;#x200B;

Me: ....

&amp;#x200B;

J: What's the movie again?

&amp;#x200B;

Me: It's called Your Name

&amp;#x200B;

J: My Name?

&amp;#x200B;

Me: It's Your Name!

&amp;#x200B;

J: Ahh I get it. Funny.  Never heard a movie title named Jake

&amp;#x200B;

Me: (facepalming real hard) It's Your Name! Not Jake

&amp;#x200B;

J: My Name is Jake!

&amp;#x200B;

Me: (arghh) The movie title is Your Name!

&amp;#x200B;

J: That what I said. Jake

&amp;#x200B;

Me: (ready to tear my hair out) The. Movie. Title. IS. YOUR. NAME

&amp;#x200B;

J: Yeah i get it. The movie title is Jake.  Why are you so angry

&amp;#x200B;

At this point i give up and pause the movie to show him the movie info

&amp;#x200B;

J:  Ahhh it's Your Name!  Why didn't you say so

&amp;#x200B;

Me: duhhh"
"What do you call a person that takes care of chickens?" "A chicken tenderm

(yeah I know my jokes are shit but I try)"
"The new Pfizer's COVID-19 vaccine" "I wasn't allowed to say anything until today, but as vaccinations have publicly started, I can now speak freely.


I was one of the first people in the U.S. to receive the new Pfizer's COVID-19 vaccine. The vaccine is the one that has been developed in Russia. I received my first dose (out of the two necessary doses) this morning, and I just wanted to let you all know that it is perfectly safe, with иo side effects whatsoeveя, and that I feelshκι я чувю себя немного стрно и я думю, что вытл осные уши, чувству себя немго страо. 

Anyway, that's all I wanted to say and Biden winning elections is fake news.


Take care, comrades."
"In my French class, we're learning about definite and partitive articles" "If you have a definite amount before a noun, you write ""de,"" and if you have an indefinite/partitive amount before a masculine noun, you write ""du.""

It's all really confusing, and I don't really understand. I only have this class for another month, so until then I'll ""make du."""
"A man walks into the doctors office" "A man walks into the doctors office, and is lead into a room. The doctor enters and says

“Hello sir, what is your problem?”

“Well,” says the man, “wherever I touch hurts.”

He proceeds to poke his leg. “When I touch my leg, it hurts.” He touches his arm. “Whenever I touch my arm, it hurts.” He touches his cheek. “Whenever I touch my face, it hurts. I have no clue what is wrong with me!”

The doctor replies, “Sir, I believe you have a broken finger.”"
"There's a DNA database designed specifically for Kentucky" "It's called Incest and Me"
"What's Bin Laden's favorite football team?" "The New York Jets."
"I knew a road worker's daughter" "She liked her asphalt"
"A guy is waiting at the doctor’s office." "The doctor walks in: 'Sir, I have some bad news.'

Patient: 'No. What happened? Is everything okay?'

Doctor: 'I’m afraid you’re going to have to stop masturbating.'

Patient: 'I don’t understand, doc. Why?'

&amp;#x200B;

Doctor: 'Because you're scaring the children.'"
"Doctor: We had to remove your colon." "Me Why?"
"My wife and I just had a row and it ended with her literally on her hands and knees" "saying ""Get out from under that bed and fight like a man!"""
"Did you hear about that crook that was stealing guitars from classic rock stars?" "He was locked up for Petty thievery."
"Inspired by the earlier post, I asked my wife if I too could get anal on my cake day." "She said “sure” and then introduced me to her ‘work mate’, Winston."
"What is the difference between a pessimist and an optimist?" "Lost in the woods, the question ""how long do I have to live?""  the pessimist asks the cuckoo, and the optimist asks the woodpecker."
"A woman goes to buy a Parrot. The prices are $100, $200, and $15. She asks why the last one is so cheap?" """Because he used to live in a brothel,"" says the shopkeeper. She pays $15.

When she gets home the parrot says: ""Fuck me, a new brothel!"" The woman laughs.

When her daughters get home the parrot says: ""Fuck me, 2 new prozzies!"" The girls laugh too.

When the dad gets home the parrot says: ""Fuck me Pete, haven't seen you for weeks!"""
"What’s the difference between a police officer and a bullet?" " When a bullet kills someone else, you know it’s been fired"
Sam_uel "Sam was sick But when Sam saw breasts, 
Samuel."
"One day on Venus lasts 5,832 hours" "The same as one Monday on Earth"
"If I had a dollar for every time, someone, over 40 told me my generation sucks..." " Then I could afford a house in the economy they ruined."
"Who is more holey God himself or Jesus Christ?" "The answer is Jesus by exactly 4"
"Why don’t Chinese kids believe in Santa Claus?" "Because they make the toys."
"Warning, this joke is not for everybody." "Because it's in Greek.

""Ήταν ένας Αθηναίος, ένας Σπαρτιάτης, ένας Περσης, και ένας Πρόπερσης."
"I like my coffee like I like my women" "Without any pubes."
"What do you call a chicken with no calcium?" Boneless.
"A lost dog strays into a jungle. A lion sees this from a distance and says with caution ""this guy looks edible, never seen his kind before""." " So the lion starts rushing towards the dog with menace. The dog notices and starts to panic but as he's about to run he sees some bones next to him and gets an idea and says loudly ""mmm...that was some good lion meat!"".

The lion abruptly stops and says "" woah! This guy seems tougher then he looks, I better leave while I can"".

Over by the tree top, a monkey witnessed everything. Evidently, the monkey realizes the he can benefit from this situation by telling the lion and getting something in return. So the monkey proceeds to tell the lion what really happened and the lion says angrily ""get on my back, we'll get him together"".

So they start rushing back to the dog. The dog sees them and realized what happened and starts to panic even more. He then gets another idea and shouts ""where the hell is that monkey! I told him to bring me another lion an hour ago..."""
"Why did the mitochondria get their subreddit banned?" "Because they were in-cells!"
"The opposite of isolate..." "is yousoearly. :)"
"I found a funny" "If you rotate 69 by 180 degrees you get 69"
"Did you hear about the Egyptian conjoined twins?" "They had a glute-in-common."
"An Italian woman, a Jewish woman, and a black woman get stranded on an island after a plane crash" "One day, they see a search plane flying overhead. The Italian woman gathers her jewelry in an attempt to flash down the plane but they don’t see her. The Jewish woman takes all of her coins and does the same to no avail. The black woman strips naked, lays on her back, and spreads eagle towards the plane and they are instantly spotted and saved. On the ride back the 2 other women ask the black woman how she knew that would work and she responds 

“When a plane goes down, everyone knows the first thing they look for is the black box”"
"What’s your favorite Big Time Rush song?" 2112
"What’s blue and not that heavy?" "Light blue."
"What do gay therapists talk about when they get together?" Traumaaaaa
"How to make cookies in parking lot!" "1: buy cooking dough or make it fresh at the cookies but car website

2: place the dough in little balls 2-inch’s apart

3:go to target or some other big ass parking lot

4 leave them on the dashboard and go shopping

5 it will take the whole shopping trip or until the children stop screaming

6: enjoy! Love y’all!"
"How can you tell if someone’s gullible?" "Look in the comments."
"Why does santa have such a big sack?" [deleted]
"Why is Trump a fan of conservatives and conspicuous?" "He is a conman."
"In my opinion, Medusa was the sexiest woman to ever live." "Every guy that saw her got hard."
"Why is Trump a conservative and a fan of conspiracies?" [deleted]
"Why do Bullys bully kids in wheelchairs?" "because they cant stand up for themselves"
"Blood donor" "I was chatting with a donor before I drew his blood, and he was a dentist. When I drew his blood, there was a little squirt of blood and it surprised him. I looked him deeply in the eyes and told him, “you’re bleeding because you don’t floss”"
"At one time, KGB called an emergency meeting." [deleted]
"I Think I Know You" "A lot of people walk up to me and say I look very familiar, but the conversation usually stops when I ask if they were in the Los Angeles County State Prison also."
"I like visiting old cathedrals as a tourist and climbing the stairs to the top of the tower. I don't consider it going to church, even though it serves the same purpose." "To look down at people."
"A spy goes to Lubyanka (headquarters of the Soviet secret police in Moscow) and says:" 
"I'm not good at jokes but I hope this is funny enough" "Roses are red violets are blue my wife keeps bugging me about the alimony payments since 2002"
"What's a dragon's favourite film?" "Enter the Dragon"
"A hitman walks into a bar, looking for his target..." "A hitman walks into a bar, looking for his target. He walks up to the bartender and asks,

""I'm looking for a man who looks like this,"" he holds up a picture of his target.

""Sorry friend, I'm afraid he left a while ago,""

""I don't know, I think you're lying.""

The bartender tries to assure the hitman that the man left earlier.

""I don't know I think you're lying.""

The bartender asks other people in bar about the man, they all say he had left.

""Hmm, I still think you're lying.""

The bartender, now frustrated, admits that the man was still here.

""How did you know he was still here?""

""Well, you do realize I was holding up a mirror as their picture."""
"Christ is for life" "Not just for dogmas"
"Why’s it always wet in England?" "Because the queen has reigned for years!"
"A man is resting on a Saturday" "A man is resting on a Saturday when his wife comes in, wakes him up and tells him she needs laundry detergent. 
He reluctantly gets up, gets dressed and exits his apartment on the 10th floor. He presses the elevator button only to find out it’s broken, he goes down the stairs and goes to the supermarket next door.
He goes to the clerk, and says: “give me some laundry detergent”
Clerk: “what brand?”
Man: “any brand, I don’t care”
Clerk: “No sorry I can’t, it might break your washing machine. Please ask your wife what brand and come back”
So the man reluctantly goes back 10 stories up the stairs and asks his wife, she says: “Tide”.
So goes back down the stair, approaches the clerk and says: “give me some Tide laundry detergent.”
Clerk: “capsules, liquid, or powder?”
Man: “anything, I don’t care”
Clerk: “No sorry I can’t, it might break your washing machine. Please ask your wife what brand and come back”
So the man goes back up the stairs and on his way he sees his neighbor dragging a toilet down the stairs, he’s intrigued so he follows him.
The neighbor struggles with dragging it down the stairs, and eventually succeeds in dragging it all the way to that store. The man is following him all the time.
The neighbor approaches the clerk with the toilet and yells: “LOOK! HERE’S MY ASS AND HERE’S THE TOILET, GIVE ME SOME GODDAMN TOILET PAPER!!”"
"A robot walks into a barber shop." "The barber is shaving customer's beard when the robot enters and waves at him. The barber smiles and asks the customer: ""See this robot? Guy thinks he's so smart, but lemme show you something. You'll be surprised how dumb these machines actually are.""

""Hey, robot, look at me!"" the barber says. In his hands, he's holding two coins. 1€ in his left hand, 2€ in the right. ""Pick the one you want, robot!""

The robot looks at both coins and says: ""Left."" The barber hands him the 1€ coin. The customer is left speechless and after the barber's done with him, he walks to the robot. ""Why did you pick the smaller amount of money, robot?""

""You see, once I pick the 2€ coin, the game's over."" whispers the robot."
"What's Santa's nationality?" "North Polish."
"A young man was shopping in a department store. He sees an extremely attractive salesgirl and says, ""I'd like to buy some gloves for my wife, but I don't know her size."" ""Will this help?"" she asked sweetly, placing her hand in his." """Oh, yes,"" he answered. ""Her hands are just slightly smaller that yours."" ""Will there be anything else?"" the sales girl queried as she wrapped the gloves. ""Now that you mention it,"" he replied, ""she also needs a bra and panties."""
"On a Trans-Atlantic Flight, a plane passes through a severe storm. The turbulence is awful, and things go from bad to worse when one wing is struck by lightning. One woman in particular loses it! Screaming." "she stands up in the front of the plane. ""I'm too young to die, I want my last minutes on Earth to be memorable! I've had plenty of sex in my life, but no one has ever made me really feel like a woman! Well, I've had it! Is there anyone on this plane who can make me feel like a woman?"" For a moment there is silence. Everyone has forgotten their own peril, and they all stare, riveted, at the desperate woman in the front of the plane. Then, a man stands up in the rear of the plane. ""I can make you feel like a woman,"" he says. He's drop-dead gorgeous. Tall, built, with flowing black hair and jet black eyes, he starts to walk slowly up the aisle, unbuttoning his shirt one button at a time. No one moves. The woman is breathing heavily in anticipation as the strange man approaches. He removes his shirt. Muscles ripple across his chest as he reaches her, and extends the arm holding his shirt to the trembling woman, and whispers: ""Here, iron this."""
"A husband and wife in a fight are riding past a farm on their car" "The husband looks at a bunch of pigs and asks: Family of yours?
The wife replies: Yup, my in-laws"
"Research shows that facial tattoos completely eliminate certain forms of anxiety" "For example, you'll never need to worry about finding a job"
"What's the definition of a prehensile limb?" "it's like a hensile limb but not quite yet."
"Why did the slave go to college?" 
"My parents told me my dog went to a farm." "Specifically ""Pepperidge Farms"""
"A moderator of this sub is my neighbor in real life, and is demanding that my fence be removed" "...just because I re-posted it."
"1. Snickers, 2. Bounty, 3. Maltesers, 4. Galaxy, 5. Galaxy caramel, 6. Twix, 7. Mars, 8. Milky way" "I think celebrations are in order"
"A long time ago in China, man decided to marry a concubine." "But he insisted the new woman be a virgin.  Someone suggested that after he found a suitable woman, on their wedding night he should show her his penis.  If she didn't know what it was, that would mean she was truly virginal.

So on the wedding night his pulled out his penis and showed it to the woman. 

 ""What's this?"" he asked.

""That's your dick."" she said.

""What? You even know it's nickname? You're a fake virgin!  Fake!!""

So he sent her away. Sometime later he found another woman to be his concubine.  Once again, on their wedding night, he showed her  his penis.

""What is this? he asked.

""That's a penis,"" she said.

""What?  You recognize what this is?  You not a real virgin!""

So he sent this concubine away as well, and started looking for a new candidate.

Finally he found one.  This time the woman was rather young, and he felt sure he'd found a ""real virgin"" this time.

So on the wedding night he pulled out his penis and showed it to her.

""What's this?"" he asked.

""I don't know, don't recognize it.""

""That,"" he said ""is a penis.""

""It is?  I don't believe you!""

""Why not?""

""I've never seen such a tiny one before!"""
"why can't orphans play baseball" "They don't know where home is"
"Imade a website for orphans" "There wasn't a home page"
"what do you callablind german" " A not see"
"A doctor has sex with one of his patients" "He feels guilty all day and no matter how hard he tries he just cant get it out of his mind. This feeling of guilt and sense of betrayal was so overwhelming that he couldn't even go to sleep. 

Finally he heard a reassuring voice inside his own head. It told him ""Don't worry about it. These things happen. You are not the first medical practitioner to sleep with one of their patients and you wont be the last. You just have to learn to move on.""

Just as he was starting to feel a little better, another internal voice suddenly startles him back to reality.

""You fucking moron! You cant sleep with your patients, you are a fucking Vet!"""
"A man walks into a bar" "Pfft. Lucky bastard."
"A student asks her philosophy professor how does she know that she exists." "The professor asks, ""Who's asking?""

The student replies, ""I am."""
"A ragged looking teen is begging for food on the street" "A guy comes along and buys him a sandwich. He asks the kid, “are you an orphan?”

The kid replies, “yes I am.  What gave me away?”

The guy says, “obviously, your parents”"
"Why do North Koreans never win the olympics?" "because anyone who can swim, run or jump isn’t North Korean."
"Two guys are playing cards in a nursing home when a naked old lady with a walker goes streaking" "One guy says, “what was that?”

The other guy responds, “I don’t know, but it needed ironing!”"
"Two six-year-old boys are standing in the toilet having a pee." "Two six-year-old boys are standing in the toilet having a pee. One turns to the other and says, “Your dinky doesn’t have any skin on it.” “That’s because I’ve been circumcised,” he replies. “Cor! What does that mean?”
“It means the skin’s been cut off the end.” “How old were you when they did that?” “About two days old.” “Did it hurt?” “It sure did. I didn’t walk for a year.”"
"Bad move by Boris Johnson promising 68 million people christmas" "Its all ended in tiers"
"A family that masticates together stays together." "I absolutely love mastication. I swallow as well."
"Everyone crying on Twitter wats all the tiers 4" 
"How do you know a hat belongs to a little drummer boy?" "It has a proper pom-pom, proper pom-pom, proper pom-pom..."
"My dad told me this once" "Dad: You see, The 'f' in orphan stands for 'family'.  
Me: Wait there is no..."
"A joke from Hamlet: ""What do you call a person who builds stronger things than a stonemason, a shipbuilder or a carpenter does?""" "The one who builds the gallows to hang people on, since his structure outlives a thousand inhabitants

Found on Act 5, Scene 1"
"The average person has sex 89 times per year" "Boy this is going to be a busy 12 days"
"A sandwich walked into a bar" "A sandwich walked into a bar and asked for a drink..
But the bartender said ""sorry we don't serve food here"""
"It might sound unbelievable that the current Prime Minister of Canada is both the second youngest PM ever, AND the first to be related to a former Prime Minister." "It’s Trudeau"
"Knock Knock" 
"What do you call the secret HIDDEN TREASURE LAND of AWESOME looking GOLDen DICK shaped statues?" "Dil - dorado

Dildo - rad- o"
"An asexual won't screw anybody." "However, an asexual lawyer will screw everyone."
"The twelve days of Jokemas, day seven" "What is Tom Hanks' favorite drink?

The Polar Expresso"
"What is a Russian blood type?" "V positive"
"My wife asked me if I had seen the dog bowl." 
"Why can’t you beat the Mandalorian in a race?" "Because he has the beskar"
"Do you know why Americans always lose at chess ?" "They’ve already lost 2 towers"
"What is something you can say to praise a Christmas tree but shouldn't say about a woman?" "Looks pretty in the darkness."
"You can never enjoy a game of Chess against an Australian" "You can never enjoy a game of Chess against an Australian.

Everytime he checks, you'll think he's won the game."
"The festive sensation" " What did Santa say the first time he met mrs.santa?  


....HO HO HORNY"
"Amanda and Bob are walking through the village on a hot day, both very thirsty." "They both see their friend Carl walking to his house with a bucket full of water in his hands. Bob asks him ""Carl, where'd you get all that water you're carrying?"" to which Carl responds ""Oh, I went down to the... uhh... the hole in the plaza that goes down into the earth and there's water at the bottom, and you lower buckets with a pulley to get water.""

Carl walks off and Bob is annoyed. ""What a jerk, he couldn't even speak clearly!"" Amanda grabs his shoulder and looks him in the eye to console him. ""He means well, you know."""
"How do you know when a person is horny? (NSFW)" "Even if its a repost,he checks into the post just because it is tagged NSFW"
"What do you call a quadruple amputee waiting by your door?" Matt
"I came in 3.14 seconds." "I called it a cream pi"
"[NSFW] Lady Gaga's parents fucked each other" "...and a star was born."
"Yo mama's so fat" She
"My friend just got the Covid vaccine" "Now he has a sudden urge to buy Microsoft products."
"What is the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong?" "Neil Armstrong walked on the moon

and MJ? 

he raped a bunch of kids

(this is an old one but i love it to this day)"
"The devil strolls into a church" "Everybody starts screaming and running out, the priest almost falls as he jumps over the altar. One old man remains seated seemingly completely unphased by the incident. The devil booms ""YOU MUST BE BLIND OLD MAN, DON'T YOU KNOW WHO I AM???"" The man replies, ""Not really worried brother... I married your sister"""
"What's an Indian's favourite game ?" "Hide and Sikh"
"The game Cyberpunk has so many issues that..." "We got Cyber-punk’d."
"The Three Little Pigs" "So we are at the point in the story where all three pigs are in the brick house, and the wolf is outside doing all of his huffing and puffing, and the three pigs are getting clearly agitated. One of them finally says “Enough!”, and he goes and makes a phone call. 

In a few minutes, a black sedan with tinted windows pulls up to the front, and one of the windows rolls down and a machine gun sprays bullets at the wolf, killing him on the spot. 

Two of the pigs turn to the third one and say “what was that?!??  Who did you call???” The third pig says “it was finally enough, so I called our cousin, the guinea pig.”"
"Why scuba divers always flip backwards when jumping from boat in water?" "Because if they flip forward they would still be in boat."
"The diner" "So a hungry traveling salesman finally finds a diner open in the middle of the night. The diner doesn't look too great, but what choice does he have?

The waitress comes over, and she doesn't look too good either. He figures he'd better not take any chances, so he orders two hamburgers and a hot dog.

Ten minutes later the waitress comes over with the hamburgers under her arms.

The guy asks, ""Why are the hamburgers under your arms?""

The waitress says, ""I'm keeping them warm.""

And the guys says, ""Cancel the hot dog."""
"advisor: Mr. President, you need to give a Christmas address to the nation." "Trump: Just tell them to send my presents to Mar-a-Lago."
"Did you hear about the new Italian restaurant that just opened in the afterlife?" "It's called Pasta Way."
"Did you know Santa travels so fast on his sleigh, that in the time it takes him to say “Ho Ho Ho”, from the first Ho until the last Ho, he has flown from one side of the city to the other?" "Ho’s in different area codes."
"Why does Santa go down the chimney on Christmas Eve?" "Because it ‘soots’ him."
"Why do women rub their eyes when they wake up?" "Cuz they have no balls to scratch!"
"help, no seriously help me" "so a lot of my friends got really hooked on TikTok and stuff and I think they were addicted.


So what's the easiest way to get rid of like 6 bodies?"
"Young Paddy" "A young Irish man called Paddy wanted to buy a Christmas present for his new girlfriend. 

They hadn't been seeing each other for very long and she lived in Donegal and he lived in Kerry . 

Paddy consulted with his Sister and decided, after careful consideration, that a pair of good quality Gloves would strike the right note... not too Romantic and not too Personal. 

Off he went with his Sister to Marks and Spencer’s and they selected a dainty pair of Fur Lined quality, Leather Gloves. 

Paddy's sister bought a Pair of Sexy Knickers for herself at the same time. 

Marks and Spencer’s had a ""Free Gift Wrap Offer"" on as it was Xmas. But the Shop Assistant mixed up the Two Items, the Sister got the Gloves and Paddy unknowingly, got the Knickers. 

Good old Paddy, sent off his Gift Wrapped Present in a parcel with the following Letter. 

Dear Maggie,
 
I chose these because I've noticed that you are not wearing any, when we go out in the Evenings. If it had not been for my Sister, I would have chosen the Long Ones with the Buttons, but she wears Shorter Ones (which are easier to remove). These are a very delicate shade, but the Lady I bought them from, showed me the Pair she had been wearing for the past three weeks and I hardly noticed any Marks. I had her try yours on for me and she looked really smart in them even though they were a little Bit Tight on Her.

 She also said that they Rub against her Ring, which helps keep it Clean. In fact she hasn't needed to Wash It, since she began wearing them. 

I wish I was there to put them on for you the first time, as no doubt many other Hands will Touch them, before I have a chance to see you again.

When you take them off, remember to blow into them a little bit, because they will be naturally a little Damp from Wearing.??

Just imagine how many times my Lips will Kiss them during the coming year.

I hope you will Wear them for me on our Next Date.??

All my love,
Patrick.

*

P.S. My Mum tells me that the latest Style. Is to wear them folded down, with a little Bit of Fur showing."
"February 28th is now National Masturbation Day in the United States." "We must all Cum together."
"Yesterday I had an argument with a 90° angle." "It turns out it was right"
"Permission To Marry Your Daughter" "Jimmy asks his girlfriend's father permission to propose.

The father says, ""I need to ask you two questions. The first question is, do you love my daughter?""

Jimmy eagerly responds, ""Sir, I love her with all my heart.""

My second question is, ""Do you think you earn enough money to support a family.""

Jimmy immediately answers, ""Yes sir, I certainly do.""

The father says, ""Slow down and think carefully Jimmy. There is 6 six of us."""
"Where did the mazophillic coprophile go on vacation?" "Lake Titicaca."
"Earlier this year the World Health Organization announced that dogs cannot spread COVID-19. Dogs are not impacted by any lockdown, do not have to be held in quarantine and can be released." "WHO let the dogs out"
"Husband goes to a police station, says ‘My wife is missing!’" "Husband goes to a police station...
“My wife is missing! She went out yesterday and has not come home...”

Sergeant at Police Station:
“What is her height?”

Husband:
“Gee, I'm not sure. A little over five-feet tall

Sergeant:
“Weight?”

Husband:
“Don't know. Not slim, not really fat.”

Sergeant:
“Colour of eyes?”

Husband:
“Sort of brown I think. Never really noticed

Sergeant:
“Colour of hair?”

Husband:
“Changes a couple times a year.
Maybe dark brown now.
I can’t remember.”

Sergeant:
“What was she wearing?”

Husband:
“Could have been jeans, or maybe a skirt or shorts. I don't know exactly.”

Sergeant:
“What kind of car did she go in

Husband:
“She went in my Audi”

Sergeant:
“What kind of Audi was it?”

Husband: (sobbing)
“Audi A4 Black Edition, Advance Virtual Cockpit, 360 cameras, Bang &amp; Olufsen Speaks, Ambient Lighting pack, Front heated seats, Valcona leather - Lunar silver + super sport seats, 3 spoke heated sports leather multifunction steering wheel with paddle shift, LED Matrix headlights with high beam assist, Pearlescent paint, Audi drive select, Audi parking system plus with front and rear sensors, Audible and visual fasten seat belt warning - front and rear, Cruise control, Driver's information system, MMI SD card Navigation, Mobile telephone preparation, PAS, Service interval indicator, 3 point seatbelts on all seats, ABS-EBD, ASR traction control, Curtain airbags, Driver and passenger airbags, Driver-front passenger side airbags, Electromechanical parking brake, Electronic stability control, Front passenger airbag deactivation, Hill hold assist, Tyre pressure monitoring system, Warning triangle and first aid kit, Anti theft alarm, Anti-theft wheel bolts, Immobiliser, Keyless Start, Remote central locking, Audi music interface, Auxiliary input socket, DAB digital radio module, MMI Radio with Apple CarPlay &amp; Android Auto, SD card slot, USB connection, 12V power in rear centre console, 4 way electric lumbar support, 4 zone climate control, Aluminium door sill trims, Black cloth headlining, Double cargo floor, Electric front seats + driver memory, Front centre armrest, Front head restraints, Front-rear floor mats, Height adjustable front seats, Isofix front passenger and rear seat preparation, Jack and tool kit, Perforated leather gearknob, Rear headrests, Split folding rear seat, Auto dimming rear view mirror, Automatic headlights + automatic windscreen wipers, Body coloured bumpers, Body coloured door mirrors and handles, Body coloured roof spoiler, Door sill trims with S line logo, Electric front-rear windows, Headlight washers, High gloss black door mirrors, High gloss black finish B pillar, High gloss black triangular aperture at rear door, LED daytime running lights, LED rear lights, Light sensor, Platinum grey front lip spoiler, Privacy glass (to rear of B post), Rain sensor, Rear wiper, Alcantara door trim, Piano black finish inlay, Space saver spare wheel, Black Styling pack - A4 Avant, Non smoking pack - A4, Diesel particulate filter”

(At this point, the sobbing has turned into a full cry.)

Sergeant:
“Don't worry Sir. We'll find your Audi”"
"Santa Claus is near" "I can sense his presents"
"I was on a plane. The pilot gives his message over the intercom but accidentally leaves it on. He turns to the co-pilot and says “i could really use a coffee and a blowjob.” The flight attendant runs down the isle to tell him the intercom is still on." "The man next to me yells out “Ma’am, don’t forget the coffee”"
"What's a four letter word ending with 'K' that means intercourse?" Talk.
"Year 2020 passed like a kid reciting the alphabet." " January — ABCD...  


February — EFG...  


March — HIJK...  


April to December — ELEMENOP."
"Sitting in a public stall when I saw this written on the wall; don't beam me up yet, Scotty.." "I'm taking a s^h^^i^^^i^^^^i"
"What sound do porcupines make when they kiss??" """Ouch!"""
"Sitting in a public stall when I saw; don't beam me up yet, Scotty.." "I'm taking a s^h^^i^^^i^^^^i"
"Don't beam me up yet, Scotty.." "I'm taking a s^h^^i^^^i^^^^i"
"I got woken up at an ungodly hour this morning by a call to my landline from a mobile number I didn't recognise." "I hope they enjoy their call back tomorrow, when my kids wake up for Christmas Day."
"What is red and bad for your teeth?" "A brick"
"Back when Eminem didn’t have that beard..." "...the world wasn’t shutdown due to pandemic.

Really puts the clean in clean shaven"
"If anyone is alone this Christmas and has nobody to spend it with, please let me know" "I could borrow some chairs"
"Why was Helen Keller totally sterile?" "She thought 'road flare' was a brand of tampax"
"There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator" "Sadly, only a fraction of people will get this joke"
"Recently in work i accidental broke the covid rules and my boss brought me into to his office as he had just told me them the hour before" "He said to me ""you know the rules and so do i""

You just got Rick rolled, have a nice day :)"
"A Man Has Been Stealing Tires From Police Cars" "The police have been working tire-lessly to catch him"
"This is all true, my grandmother was Puerto Rican and Jewish. And my Grandfather said you could tell it was true" "Because she was cheap but she also had bad taste"
"Couple goals" "Me and my wife love to do two things.
. 
2nd one is shopping.


Don't try to guess the 1st one. 🤣🤣🤣"
"I drive a Ford Fiesta..." "because I'm compensating."
"Why don't Chinese kids believe in Santa Claus?" "Because they make the toys."
"Police arrested the Energizer Bunny today," "Police say he was charged with battery."
"A man walks out of a bar and sees a prostitute" "He walks up and says ""Hey lady, if I give you money will you have sex with me?""

The lady says, ""Of course! What're you crazy? I'm a prostitute!""

And then they had sex and the man paid her the amount they'd previously agreed on and they then went their separate ways."
"How much TNT does it take to blow up a country?" "I don’t know, but the answer would probably blow your mind"
"A balding, white haired man walked into a jewelry store with a beautiful, much younger gal at his side." " He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. 

The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring. The man said, ""No, I'd like to see something more special.""

At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought another ring over. ""Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000,"" the jeweler said.

The lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement. The old man seeing this said, ""We'll take it.""

The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the man stated, ""By check. I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds. I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon.""

On Monday morning, the jeweler angrily phoned the old man and said ""Sir... There's no money in that account.""

""I know,"" said the old man. ""But let me tell you about my weekend."""
"A balding, white haired man walks into a jewelry store with a beautiful, much younger gal at his side." "He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. 

The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring. The man said, ""No, I'd like to see something more special.""

At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought another ring over. ""Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000,"" the jeweler said.

The lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement. The old man seeing this said, ""We'll take it.""

The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the man stated, ""By check. I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds. I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon.""

On Monday morning, the jeweler angrily phoned the old man and said ""Sir... There's no money in that account.""

""I know,"" said the old man. ""But let me tell you about my weekend."""
"My wife said I should get a haircut fur Xmas" "Said I'd prefer a blowjob"
"According to livescience.com every 7 years every cell in your body has been replaced by identical ones" "But every 10 seconds every post on this subreddit gets replaced by an identical one. Clearly, Reddit is far superior to the human body."
"Why did the Mummy like Christmas so much?" "Because of all the wrappings."
"If you don’t like traditional sports check out NASCAR, the Tour de France, the Indy 500, or even the Ironman." "If you don’t like any of those well...that might be RACE-ist."
"My daughter asked me if she could have the last slice of pie. I said oh honey, you know I can’t say no" "To that question. I’ll look like an asshole."
"What does Thanos, Nike, and Darth Sidious have in common?" "Just Do It

(would also accept uses young children to complete goals."
"Since the Democratic Party is led by Sleepy Joe Biden, today they announced that they’d be renaming themselves to the ZZZ Party..." "... realizing that the “Republican Party” name no longer provides a strong enough contract with their opponents, President Trump and Mitch McConnell declared that they will be changing their name to the Not ZZZ Party."
"How to sound condescending?" "Just scream, ""I robbed a bank"" while jumping from a helicopter."
"Man caught wife cheating" "  

a man walks into his bedroom and finds his wife in bed with another man.

""what are you doing?"" he yells.

""see?"" the wife says to her lover. ""and he asks what we are doing!"". ""I told you he is dumb."""
"What did Adam say the day before Christmas?" "“It’s Christmas, Eve!”"
"President Donald Trump was set to pardon Jeffery Epstein on Christmas Eve." "But the devil had already commuted his sentence to hell."
"Two young salmon are swimming along one day." "As they do, they are passed by a wiser, older fish coming the other way.

 The wiser fish greets the two as he passes, saying, ""Morning, boys! How's the water?""

The other two continue to swim in silence for a little while until the first one turns to the other and asks, ""What the hell is water?"""
"My friend moved in to a new home and we threw him a housewarming party, but by the end of the night he became homeless.." "His igloo melted."
"Episode 149 Hunter x Hunter" "That’s it"
"What is a male praying mantis’ favorite Christmas movie?" "Die Hard"
"I tried an “At Home” Covid Test" "Instructions:

1. Open a can of beer and try to smell it.
2. If you can smell the beer, drink it to see if you can taste it.
3. If you can smell it and taste it, this confirms that you don't have the Covid.

Last night, I did the test 19 times and all were negative. Tonight, I am going to do the test again because this morning I woke up with a headache and I feel like I'm coming down with something."
"An elderly man close to retirement often had problems with his computer at work" "For privacy reasons, everyone's password had to be reset each month.  
They sent over an IT guy to help the man as he still hadn't figured out how to reset his own password. The IT guy was beginning to grow sick of having to help this man nearly every day with simple issues. Instead of asking what he wanted his password to be, in an immature attempt to spite the man, the IT guy typed into the new password bar as clearly as possible,  
""Your penis""  
After he entered the new password, a message popped up on the screen,  
""You can not use \*Your penis\* Reason: to short"""
"Red sky at night: sailor’s delight" "Blue sky at night: day"
"My wife once said, “Sex is better during vacation”." "That was not a nice postcard to receive."
"A neutron walks in to a bar...." "And orders a beer.



Bartender said it was free of charge"
"It's Christmas Eve" "Not Christmas Steve"
"Why is it called ikea?" "asked the guys at ikea , why is it called ikea?

apparently they had no idea."
"what is it called ikea?" "asked the guys at ikea , why is called ikea?


they had no idea."
"What is George Floyd’s least favourite colour?" "Neon Black"
"Remember kids, not even death..." "...excuses you from forensics class."
"This Christmas,one in five children in London will not get a gift from Santa" "This Christmas,one in five children in London will not have a Christmas pudding with their loved ones.

This Christmas,one in five children in London will  not have a Christmas tree in their homes.

This is not a message from red cross or salvation army. 20% of children born in London are muslims and they don't spend Christmas."
"I plugged in 5 toasters in the bathroom, loaded them with slices of bread, and started myself up a bath. Once the bath was filled, I hopped in and knocked the toasters inside the tub with me." "The bath was surprisingly pretty toasty."
"I will be using a lot more curse words." "There’s a pretty good chance President Trump will pardon my French."
"What is the best part of a hangover?" "When it's over."
"One day, a friend of mine approached me at a cafe, and we sat down to talk for a while." "A few minutes in, he pulled out a can of root beer and started sipping on it as we talked.

“Where’d you get that?” I asked him.

“Well, a friend of mine offered to let me make out with her if I gave her my can of Dr. Pepper.” he said, taking another swig of his root beer.

“What did you say next?” I asked him.

“I said ‘No thanks, it’s hot out and I’m really thirsty.” He said, about 1/3 of the can left. 

“But then...” he continued, taking one last, big sip, before promptly crushing the can.

“She said ‘How about I trade you for a root beer?”"
"2 guys were walking down the street..." "Guy 1: Guess what?

Guy 2: What?

Guy 1: Chicken butt. 

Guy 2: John, you’re 22. You need to be more mature. 

Guy 1: Ok. Guess what?

Guy 2: What did I just say?

Guy 1: To be more mature. Now guess what. 

Guy 2: What.

Guy 1: Chicken ass."
"Santas little secret" "When santa went to get the misspelled letters from satan the boarder guards in hell asked him ""Hey Nick, Hows Jesus doing?""

""Ho, ho, ho"" he said.
""Forget Jesus boys! Im the grinch who stole christmas from him"" he said as he threw few presents at them and entered through the gates."
"Is your heater running?" "Go catch it, its gonna be a cold winter!"
"God I wish I could read" "Wait, is this the right subreddit"
"A woman, pregnant with her first child, paid a visit to her obstetrician’s office." "After the examination, she shyly said, “My husband wants me to ask you...”

To which the doctor replies, “I know...I know...” placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder. “I get asked that all the time. Sex is fine until late in the pregnancy.”

“No, that’s not it,” the woman confessed. “He wants to know if I can still mow the lawn.”"
"A guy is driving his girlfriend home" "...when she decides she wants to go to her friend’s instead. Her friend lives out of the way so she tells her boyfriend that she would get naked for him if he drove her. 

The guy says OK and the girl takes off all her clothes. The boyfriend is so busy looking at her that he crashes the car and gets stuck between the steering wheel and the seat. He tells her to go get help and she replies that she can’t because she doesn’t have any clothes on.

He replies, “Take my shoe and cover your crotch with it, and go for help!”

She takes the shoe and runs to the closest gas station. She finds the clerk and says, “Help, my boyfriend is stuck! Can you help us?”

The clerk replies, “I’m sorry, I think he’s too far in.”"
"Cop pulled me over &amp; ticketed me driving alone in carpool lane." "Jokes on him, once I open the trunk!"
"The tour of Communist Russia" "A couple toured Communist Russia shortly before the end of Communism there in the early 1990's. This couple was rather well off and wanted a tour guide as they explored the nooks and crannies of red Russia.
After calling many Russian tour companies and interviewing many candidates, the couple finely decided on a top notch tour guide named Rudolph Vodkayevsky. The couple and Vodkayevsky instantly connected and things got even better as the interview proceeded. Turns out most of the things the couple enjoyed and liked Vodkayevsky ALSO enjoyed and liked. He also knew Russian cities and the Russian countryside like the back of his hand.
The ONLY issue was that Vodkayevsky didn't like nicknames. He was adamant he be addressed as ""Rudolph"". NOT ""Rudy"". Not ""Rude"" and especially NOT ""Dolph"". Other than that one little hangup, Rudolph was the perfect tour guide. The couple understood and thought they could easily make their tour guide happy with the way they address him.
 Since he was the perfect choice their Russian tour could finally begin.
First stop St. Petersburg and the Hermitage museum. The largest art museum in the world. Rudolph proved very knowledgeable not only in the history museum's contents but where everything was located as well. Shopping and dining also proved to be pure joy as Rudolph took them to the finest places. Five days of pure joy for the couple.
Next stop Moscow with the same results. Rudolph knew all the schedules and locations of anything the couple wanted to enjoy.
After many wonderful days of touring different Russian cities they decided they wanted to get a feel for the Russian countryside and had Rudolph arrange a hike. A long nature hike to leave early, bird watch and come back late. They left the hotel early and had an exhilarating hike to a beautiful location Rudolph knew about. A plateau with a beautiful river and mountains. After a few hours Rudolph warned the couple of bad weather and suggest they get back to the hotel. The couple knew Rudolph was right but begged him to stay another hour. Because the couple were paying him Rudolph allowed it under the condition they don't ask for more time at the end of the hour. The couple readily agreed and spent another hour at the plateau. At the end of the hour everyone got ready and started the long hike back to the hotel.
On the way back it started precipitating HARD. So hard it was difficult to see and the couple formed a line with Rudolph leading the way.
On the way the husband yells at Rudolph so he can hear him ""I'm uncomfortable with it snowing so hard.""

Rudolph: Not snow. Is rain.

The Man: I know what it is. It's SNOW.

Rudolph: No. Is RAIN.

They debate it for some time before the man turns to his wife.
The Man: Is this snow or rain?

The Wife: Rain.

The Man: You KNOW it's snow. Why are you saying it's rain???

The Wife: Because Rudolph, the Red knows rain, dear..."
"Which country has the most bacteria?" Germany
"I lost my job at the bank on my first day, when an old woman came to me and asked, “can you check my balance, please.” ,And i tipped her off." "Poor woman tho."
"Where do colors go on vacation?" Color-ado
"In my free time I usually like to help blind kids." "It's easier with a knife but I prefer to use my hands."
"A friend came over for dinner and told me that the milk in my refrigerator had gone bad." "How the hell would he know? They just met."
"[using Ouija board] ""yo Brad, can you hear us?""" "[Brad responding...]


*W*

*W*

*A*

*A*

*A*

*A*

*A*

*A*

*Z*

*Z*

*Z*
#
“this is gonna take a while, Brad died in 1999.”"
"After Johnny Sins finished Filming....." "The director said good fucking job!"
"My wife apologized for the first time ever today." " She said she’s sorry she ever married me."
"Don’t know why used car salesmen get such a bad rap." "Mine knocked 20 bucks off the muffler tax just because he liked my face!"
"My AP US History teacher wanted us to be proud he was our teacher and cared about us. He wanted to be different, he didn't want us to say we had the basketball coach or the football coach." "I said, ya this is America, I had the soccer coach."
"Why do teenagers travel in groups of three?" "Because they can’t even."
"I'm really bad at coming up with good jokes. Maybe 1 in every 100 will be any good." "This is joke 99."
Joke: "A spanish magician once said, he would disappear in the count of three, then he counted uno, dos and he disappeared without a tres"
"I'm getting tired of these targeted ads. I just saw one for funeral services ffs!" "That's the last thing I need!"
"I fell off the toilet at work and broke my arm." "I have now filed a workers compensation claim for my on-the-john injury."
"Russian roulette" "If you ask someone who played russian roulette if they survived 100% of them will say yes"
"It’s ww2 and there’s a Nazi rally" "Hitler: we shall win this war with the greatest army ever

Nazis:Heil Hitler!

Hitler:very goo...

Nazis:Heil Hitler!

Hitler:only onc...(gets hit by ice)

Hitler:ze hell why didn’t you warn me

Nazis: why do you think we said “Hail Hitler” and pointed at the sky?"
"Worst Puns- The pilot of the Goodyear blimp is bored circling a stadium and decides to sext his wife...." "She says “No, I’m too embarrassed” 

He pleads “Please....” 

She replies “Honey, you are so in dirigible”"
"How are passwords different than dicks?" [deleted]
"I wanted to make a joke about Entropy..." "...but J/K"
"The average person has sex 54 times a year" "The next few days are going to be pretty crazy for me then"
"Vinegar is mild, colourless, it contains no fat and it can be stored anywhere nearly indefinitely with no special requirements." "This is because it is just ascetic acid."
"Before I agree to 2021, I wanna see some terms and conditions" "Merry Christmas (sry I'm a little late)"
"What do you call a gay dinosaur?" "A megasaurass."
"What's the difference between the FBI and the F.B.I?" "FBI is the male-only department"
"Did you buy tickets to the gun show?" "Because I will shoot you, if you keep staring at me."
"Why are there no Hondas in the bible?" "Because Jesus never spoke of his own Accord."
"I can't wait for 2021" "That way 2020 will be hindsight"
"To the person who told me to kill myself and my dog on my stream: I just want to give you a hug and tell you that you're loved." "Not by me, though. You're a dick."
"How do you stop yourself dying from Covid-19!" "Shooting yourself"
"I hate eating next to basketball players.." "They’re constantly dribbling!"
"Women: ""he only likes me for my boobs."" ""What a pig!""" "Men: ""she only likes me for my penis.""  ""She sounds awesome!"""
"31% of the jokes in this sub...stupid" "But 69%...nice"
"I got sad news today..." "After 7 years of medical training, my good friend has been struck off after 1 minor indiscretion. He slept with 1 of his patients &amp; now can no longer work in the job he loves. What a waste of time, training &amp; money. A genuinely nice guy, and a brilliant vet.."
"I was suffering from anal abscess last year." "It was such a pain in the ass."
"If you think Thursday are depressing, wait two days" "Then it would be a sadder day (Saturday)"
"John Travolta tested negative for Coronavirus last night." "Turns out is was just a Saturday Night Fever."
"Why do girls float?" "They are boyn’t."
"Yesterday I purchased a world map and put it on the wall in the kitchen" "I gave my wife a dart and said:"" Throw this and, wherever it lands, i'll take you there for a holiday."" Turns out we're spending three weeks behind the fridge."
"Today is the last monday in 2020" "Which can only mean it will be a an okay day or we will be hit by a meteor."
"If China investigates Alibaba for anti-competitive behaviour" "Will be the ultimate definition of irony."
"What is the difference..." "...between sand and menstrual fluid?

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

You can't gargle sand..."
"A man with a broken leg walks into a bar." "A man with a broken leg walks into a bar.

Nevermind, it's a lame joke."
"Where did suicide bomber Anthony Quinn Warner go when he died?" Everywhere!!
"My wife and grandma have the same name, Mary" "Everytime I fuck her, I remember my darling"
"Where do kids hang out in their spare time?" "The childhood."
"I hate people who don't know the difference between entomology and etymology" "They bug me more than I can put into words"
"How do you please a woman in bed?" "Let her sleep."
"What did Jotaro Kujo say when he went to New Zealand?" "Kia Ora***oraoraoraoraoraora!!!!***"
"What did the pretty russian girl say to the elephant?" "nothing. 
i just wanted to say that i lost my fetus and i need help on finding it"
"I have a joke about planes" "Never mind, it would probably just fly over your head"
"How much does a satanic ritual weigh?" "Ignoring the candles, 5 grams"
"God and Adam" "After god made Adam he watched him in the paradise. After a while he realized, that Adam was lonely. So he came down, approached him and asked: „Would you like a companion, who is beautiful, caring, only wants the best for you, is a great friend and will never disappoint you?“

Adam already suspicious replied: „Yeah, that sounds really good, but actually to good to be true. What do you want in return?“

God: „Your left leg, three fingers, your eyesight and one ear.“

Adam: „Nah, that‘s to much. What do I get for lets say a rib?“"
"When I was diagnosed with bipolar," "I didn't know whether to laugh or cry."
"Nun in the supermarket: There are 99 nuns in the nunnery and I would like to buy a sausage for each of us. Clerk: In that case I would recommend the 100 pieces pack." "Nun: That's fine. We'll just eat the remaining one."
"A man came to his local auto parts shop, but found it closed, so he left a note on the door stating what he needs." "When the first employee came in, he read the card, but didn't know whether the store had any 37-ounce fuel pumps.

After opening the store, he searched the database, but couldn't find a pump labelled as a 37 oz one. None of the other employees told about the 37 oz fuel pump could find such a device, and neither could the boss.

Calls to the regional, and then to the national distributor returned no sign of a 37-ounce pump, and calling the suppliers directly turned up no record of a 37 oz fuel pump.

Some time later, the customer came back. One of the employees walked out to inform the man that they could not find a ""37 oz fuel pump"", and as he stepped out of the door, he saw the man who left the note walk out of a Nissan 370Z..."
"The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar..." "It was tense."
"A sad day for medicine..." "Got some sad news today. 
After 7 years of medical training, my good friend has
been struck off after 1 minor indiscretion. 
He slept with 1 of his patients &amp; now can no longer work in
the job he loves. What a waste of time, training and money. 
A genuinely nice guy,
and a brilliant vet"
"Everyone has insecurities." "I'm always worried that one of my balls is bigger than the other two."
"Everyone has insecurities." "I'm always worried that one of my balls is bigger than the other two."
"Good evening and welcome to Georginos. Im Ben, i will be your server today What can I get everyone started with?" "Could i have a glass of coke please? No ice?

Waiter: is pepsi ok?

No, snorting pepsi? That sounds awful..."
"An old lady walked into dentist's office" "And took off all her clothes, and spread her legs.
.
Dentist said, ""I think you are in wrong room.""
.
""You put in my husband's teeth last week"",
She replied.""Now you have to remove them."""
"My wife bought me a Nintendo switch for Christmas." "In a few years I'll have enough parts to build a whole console."
"Dumb ornithology joke" "Two crows are eating roadkill.  
One says to the other, ""Weird, I can't smell or taste a damn thing.""  
The other replies, ""Get away from me! You probably have CORVID-19."""
"I was just reading a great book saying that if a company does anything unethical, people will stop supporting it and it'll go out of business." "Here's the Amazon link to it!"
"My life" "That's it that's the whole joke."
"When is it okay to stroke your balls in public?" Golfing
funny "What u call a china man who haves to fart

Far Ting"
"I served my midwestern wife a pile of Japanese dumplings for breakfast" "I told her: ""Ohio gyoza-mass!"""
"How many letters does it take to find a psycho conspiracy theorist?" 5G.
"Milk did it, but Tropicana wouldn't put missing children posters on their bottles." "They said nobody wanted to hear that OJ is looking for kids."
"I was practicing my stand up routine naked in the window the other day." "And the people outside were pointing and laughing and phoning their friends so, my jokes must be really good."
"A priest announces to all the peoples gathered in the church ""Those who have commited the sin of cheating must step on and repent""" "A grandma with hearing problems ask a little girl next to her ""Excuse me, what did he say ?""

The little girl smirks and answers 
""Those who want a mint must step on""

the old woman thanks her and steps on

The priest is astounded, as well as all the others
""Y- You ?? At your age ?""

""Oh you know, it's not because my teeths are gone that I can't suck one from time to time"""
"A very attractive girl goes to confession (NSFW)" "Girl: ""Forgive me Father for I have sinned""

Priest: ""What did you do Child?""

Girl: ""I called a man a son of a bitch.""

Priest: ""Why did you call him a son of a bitch?""

Girl: ""Because he touched my hand.""

Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he touches her hand)

Girl: ""Yes father.""

Priest: ""That's no reason to call a man a son of a bitch.""

Girl: ""Then he touched my breast.""

Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he touched her breast)

Girl: ""Yes father.""

Priest: ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch.""

Girl: ""Then he took off my clothes, father.""

Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he takes off her clothes)

Girl: ""Yes father.""

Priest: ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch.""

Girl: ""Then he stuck his you know what into my you know where.""

Priest: ""Like this?"" (as he stuck his you know what into her you know where)

Girl: ""YES FATHER, YES FATHER, YES FATHER!!!""

Priest: (after a few minutes): ""That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch.""

Girl: ""But father he had AIDS!""

Priest: ""THAT SON OF A BITCH!!!"""
"Never say no to a burrito" "They too have fillings."
"Why is it better to be friends with a PS5 player than a PC one" "# He will know how to console you"
"It’s ww2 and a Nazi rally" "Hitler:we shall win the war
Nazi’s:heil Hitler !
Hitler: Good!
Nazi’s:Heil Hitler!
once oka...(gets bonked on head with ice)
Hitler:oh oh why didn’t you warn me
Nazi:we did we said “Hail Hitler” and pointed at the sky. What did you think we were doing?"
"Two mints are having an argument in a bar" "Both arguing with each other about who's the hardest, would win in a fight between them, general bragging and macho bs etc.

All of a sudden an Extra Strong Mint walks in and they both hide under the table until he finishes his drink and leaves.

The barman comes up to them and laughs ""I thought you two were showing off how great fighters you both are? What happened there?""

The mints turn to the barman and say ""Look mate, we might be hardcases but that guy's menthol!!!"""
"What is Joe Biden's favourite netflix movie?" Cuties
"What do accountants do when they're constipated?" "They have to work it out with a pencil."
"Cats Can Stutter" "A teacher is having a discussion with her third grade class:  ""Human beings are the only animals that can stutter"" she said.

A little girl raises her hand, ""I had a kitty cat who stuttered"" the little girl said.

The teacher knowing how cute some of these stories could be, asked the girl to elaborate.

""Well"" she began, ""I was in the back yard with my kitty and the Rottweiler that lives next door got a running start and before we knew it, he jumped over the fence into our yard.""

""That must have been scary"" said the teacher.

""It sure was"" said the little girl.  ""My kitty raised his back and went Ffffff, Ffffff, Ffffff..... and before he could say ""Fuck"" the Rottweiler ate him."""
"What do you call a new hire at a British bank?" "The Nutella!"
"4 on a plane?" "Curry, Trump, Biden and a 10 year old girl. 

There were 4 passengers on board, but only 3 parachutes.The 1st passenger said, 'I am Steph Curry, the best NBA basketball player. The Warriors and my millions of fans need me, and I can't afford to die.' So he took the 1st pack and left the plane.

The 2nd passenger, Donald Trump, said, 'I am the newly-elected US President, and I am the smartest President in American history, so my people don't want me to die.' He took the 2nd pack and jumped out of the plane.

The 3rd passenger, Joe Biden sniffs the 10 year old's hair and asks if she'd like to play with the hair on his legs while she slips the last chute on and jumps..."
"tears stream down brutus’ face as he realizes what he’s done. the rodent tugs his hair purposefully, and like a marionette he plunges the knife deeper into his old friend’s back. their eyes meet. caesar whispers his final words:" "“rat tu, touille?”"
"What did one sperm say to the other?" "I have no conception of what I'm supposed to be doing."
"Why can’t the russian president drive a stick shift car ?" "He’s always Putin in the wrong gear and keeps Stalin."
"If America bans Tea, what'd you call that?" "Naughty America."
"Making a Sandwich" "I'm going to make a sandwich and when I get back this better have 1K+ upvotes"
"Grim Reaper" "Late last night, I heard a knock at my door. When I opened it, I saw Death come to take me. He stuck out one bony finger from his shroud and motioned for me to follow. 

“Please!” I begged. Just give me a few more years.” Death just silently shook his head. 

“I’ll do anything,” I exclaimed! “I’ll spend the rest of my life helping the less fortunate!” Again, Death slowly shook his head. 

“I’ve got it!” I yelled hysterically. “If you’ll just give me more time, I’ll make you the finest couch you’ve ever seen so you can rest your weary bones!” Death thought about it, nodded, then disappeared into the night. 

When I woke up this morning, I realized that I’ve never built anything in my life and I have no idea where to begin. Now I’m stuck dealing with the Reaper cushions."
"Just saw that clip of the Boston Dynamic robots dancing" "At first I thought it was a movie trailer for Ferrous Metal’s Day Off"
"A mirror walks into a bar walks into a mirror" "And the bartender serves himself a drink"
"What do they say about people who enjoy anti-humor?" "They enjoy anti-humor."
"On Being Told of the Numerous Flaws in my Writing:" "Me: ""You mean I've been writing wrongs?"""
"Everyone complains about the weather" "but nobody ever does anything about it"
"The French Navy have adopted a new uplifting slogan to spur its seamen on to valour and glory in France's hour of need: "" To the water! The hour has come!""" "or, in French:

""A l'eau. C'est l'heure"""
"What would dwarves name a movie about an underground drinking tournament." "Need for Mead."
"I thought about posting a joke about salt" "but then I thought, Na, this is r/jokes, and these guys are sodium, they just won't get it."
"What is brown and sounds like a bell?" DUNG!!!
"Yo mama so fat" "if she had been there during WWII, they wouldn't have needed bunkers."
"I want to be frank with you," "But my name is steve."
"Did he" "Did Jesus die a virgin ?

Of course not, he got nailed before he died"
"This morning I told my wife, “The only thing I don’t like about robes is that you can’t poop in them”. She nodded her head understandingly." "I said, “Yeah the pockets are just too small.”"
"Why did the racist attack a lobster outside an Asian market?" "He doesn't Crustaceans"
"How can you tell if your girlfriend's parents don't like you?" "When unprotected sex includes not barricading the bedroom door."
"What computerbrand does also make music?" "A Dell"
"I prefer the pronoun ""zehr""..." "...pronounced with a heavy, fake French accent."
"Grunge music has seen a rise in popularity in Tibet" "They really like Nirvana"
"A band is practicing before the concert" "The vocalist stops the rehearsal and says:  
\-Tell the bass player that I the bass is too quiet  
The band continues to pratice and suddenly the vocalist stops the rehearsal again:  
\-Tell the bass player that I can't hear him  
The band continues practice once more, but the vocalist really pissed off stops the band for the third time:  
\-Tell the bass player to turn up the fucking bass!  
\-We heard you the first time, we'll tell him once he arrives"
"If 666 is the evil number" "Then 25.8069 is the root of all evil"
"I broke up with my girlfriend over the internet." "She’s now my webex"
"I'm 14 and this is deep" "*that's what she said*"
"Yo momma is so lazy..." "Yo momma is so lazy that when she died and went to heaven, god told her to climb the stairway to enter and she said no. 
So then god sent her to hell. 

--

My younger son is on a yo momma joke kick right now in life and said this one to me in the car. I know it's a terrible yo momma joke, but it had me cracking up because of the dark ending."
"I recently started dating a man in his 60s. Hes bright and always keeps how I feel in mind." "I just really wish he would stop billing my insurance and shutting me down anytime I want to go somewhere with him outside his office."
"My girlfriend had a leg removed and got it replaced with a dildo prosthetic." "She calls it her ""pegleg""."
"A Blonde girl." "Neighbor: Why are you tipping Whiskey, Gin and Vodka on your lawn.?

Blonde: Duh, are you stupid.? If you pour alcohol on the grass it will come up half cut."
"Made this one up today - meh?" "My anxiety was getting so low
that i started to worry,
then i felt better."
"What do you call an Afflicted Youtuber?" "A Lycansubscribe."
"What do you call a gummy bear that falls on a dirty floor?" "A grisly bear."
"A woman was at her hairdresser's getting her hair styled for a trip to Rome with her husband. She mentioned the trip to the hairdresser, who responded:" """Rome?  Why would anyone want to go there? It's crowded and dirty.  You're crazy to go to Rome.  So, how are you getting there?""  
""We're taking Continental,"" was the reply.  ""We got a great rate!"" 
""Continental?"" exclaimed the hairdresser.  ""That's a terrible airline. Their planes are old, their flight attendants are ugly, and they're always late.  So, where are you staying in Rome?""
 
  ""We'll be at this exclusive little place over on Rome's Tiber River called Teste."" 
""Don't go any further.  I know that place.  Everybody thinks it’s going to be something special and exclusive, but it's really a dump."" 
""We're going to go to see the Vatican and maybe get to see the Pope.""
""That's rich,"" laughed the hairdresser.  ""You and a million other people trying to see him.  He'll look the size of an ant.  Boy, good luck on this lousy trip of yours.  You're going to need it.
""    
A month later, the woman came in for a hairdo.  The hairdresser asked her about her trip to Rome.   
""It was wonderful,"" explained the woman, ""not only were we on time in one of Continental's brand new planes, but it was overbooked, and they bumped us up to first class.  The food and wine were wonderful, and I had a handsome 28-year-old steward who waited on us hand and foot.   And the hotel was great!  They'd just finished a $5 million remodeling job, and now it's a jewel, the finest hotel in the city.  They, too, were overbooked, so they apologized and gave us the owner's suite at no extra charge!"".

""Well,"" muttered the hairdresser, ""that's all well and good, but I know you didn't get to see the Pope."" 
  ""Actually, we were quite lucky, because as we toured the Vatican, a Swiss Guard tapped me on the shoulder, and explained that the Pope likes to meet some of the visitors, and if we’d be so kind as to step into his private room and wait, the Pope would personally greet us.  Sure enough, five minutes later, the Pope walked through the door and shook my hand!  I knelt down and he spoke a few words to me.""


""Oh, really!  What'd he say?""  

He said: ""Who fucked up your hair?"""
"To the person who stole my Microsoft Office today." "I will find you...You have my Word!"
"At first my wife was angry that I bought a hot-tub without asking her" "But she's slowly warming up to it"
"Your mom's so heavy" "Due to its mass, the average density of the universe surpassed the critical limit and the universe gonna recollapse any moment"
"Speaking of Corona.." "Why hasn't anyone in Antarctica died of Corona yet?

Because they are ICEolated."
"What the soviet FBI called?" FB-WE
"Ive finally started dating again!" "It's been a while ... But I really think this time that just knowing the date it was put in will keep me from getting food poisoning.

Fingers crossed!"
"Why did the blind man fall into a well?" "Because he didn’t see that well."
"My buddy was bragging about his Airpods..." "He found it amazing that they seamlessly connect from his iPhone to his iPad when he changes devices. I told him that my Jabra does a pretty good job, but it doesn't always get it right because it's connecting to Android, Windows, and iOS devices so it's not an apples to Apples comparison."
"The number game" "A redhead is walking along a railroad track saying ""24, 24, 24, 24,"" etc. A blonde asks ""watchable doing?"" The redhead just continues on without acknowledging her, so the blonde begins walking along the track repeating ""24"" as well. A train comes and the redhead stepped off the track. The blonde is still concentrating on the game, and gets hit by the train. The redhead gets back on the tracks and begins repeating ""25, 25, 25..."""
"What is the difference between an Orphan and a Ford Raptor?" [deleted]
"Why did the banker leave his job?" "Because he lost interest"
"What is the difference between an Orphan and a Ford Raptor?" [deleted]
"I have a joke about the Suez Canal but I'm afraid it won't work" "&gt;!Evergreen reference!&lt;"
"What do fat ghosts need to do to lose weight?" Exorcise
"What do you call thinking that putting on 2 condoms at once is better?" "A sexual miscontraception!"
"A director hires himself a new secretary." "On the 1st day he tests her with having her typing a letter. After he reads it he tells her:

""Look, the letter you typed is catastrophic! You made 19 mistakes !! If you want to keep the job I'm afraid you'll need to make a 20th"""
"I was playing rock paper scissors with my friends" "Arrested for grave robbing i mean at least I can break or cut the finger I won"
"cock dick balls penis" lo
"I was at the park talking my kids for walk and police caught me for kidnapping" [deleted]
"Three Old Men" "Three old men were sitting around talking about who had the worst health problems. The seventy-year-old said, ""Have I got a problem. Every morning I get up at 7:30 and have to take a piss, but I have to stand at the toilet for an hour 'cause my pee barely trickles out."" 

""Heck, that's nothing, "" said the eighty year old. ""Every morning at 8:30 I have to take a shit, but I have to sit on the can for hours because of my constipation. It's terrible"". 

The ninety-year-old said, ""You guys think you have problems! Every morning at 7:30 I piss like a racehorse, and at 8:30 I shit like a pig. The trouble with me is, I don't wake up till eleven!"" "
"My mum told me..." "My mum told me to never ask a woman her age.
So how was I supposed to know that she was underage"
"A guy goes trekking in the jungle." "A guy goes trekking in the jungle.

He comes across a man frantically searching for something under the sunlight that made it's way through the leaves of the tall trees. 

He approaches the man and the below conversation follows:

Guy: What are you looking for?
Man: I am looking for my wallet that I just dropped.

Guy: Where do you think you dropped it?
Man: Somewhere in the bushes back there (pointing much further away)

Guy: shouldn't you be searching over there then?
Man: It's too dark over there, I came here so I can see better."
"How do you tell if a cow is male or female?" "If you are alive after trying to milk it, it’s female"
"In the French Navy, it's considered unlucky to have the number 5 in a ship's name..." "Because all of the ships with that number in their name... cinq"
"I'm not good at thinking outside of the box." "That's why I keep my puzzles in the box."
"Cop goes to local drug dealer" "\*Cop pulls someone over\*

Cop: Sir, where are you heading to today.

Guy: Just the local drug dealer. Would you like to come with?

Cop: Sure, why don't you bring me to see your local drug dealer.

\*Guy brings the cop to a pharmacy at the local Walmart\*

Guy: Cop, I'd like you to meet the local drug dealer John.

John: Actually I'm a pharmacist, not a drug dealer.

Guy: Do you deal drugs as a profession?

John, Well yes, I guess...

Guy: Then you are a drug dealer.

Cop : \*facepalm\*"
"Why don't the Jews like cars?" "Beacause they're full of gas."
"Superman is so incompetent..." "He can’t do anything without supervision."
"Your opinion’s like a broken calculator" "That shit doesn’t count

-Eminem"
"My wife's cooking is so bad...." " My wife's cooking is so bad we usually pray after our food."
"Guys Suez Canal Jokes are starting to get old now," "I wreckon."
chickens "Over at r/explainlikeimfive there's a question about how to know if a chicken egg is fertilized or not (candling) and whether it's safe to eat if it has rooster spunk in it (it is). Just eat your egg before they're too old or you get Balut (eggs with chicks forming inside). Anyways, all that reminded me of a story from my dad's feed store:

A real slick city guy came to our rural town and bought a big farm. He came to my dad's feed store and ordered 250 chicks.

""Planning on starting a big chicken operation eh?"" said my dad. The city guy said ""Yup, when I get these all working I'll be rich!""

He came back a week later, ordered another 250 chicks and we were impressed- we all thought that 250 chicks would be too much work for the city slicker.

2 weeks later, he came back and ordered another 250. My dad said ""We're really impressed with you, young fella. When you started out here, we all thought that you'd fail miserably, and here you are with a flock of 750 birds already- they'll be ready to start laying soon, or are you going with meat from these birds?""

The guy said ""Thanks for your vote of confidence, but I'm not doing all that well really. I'm looking for some advice: I planted all three batches and nothing has come up yet at all."""
"Last time I hung out with Matthew McConaughey I said ""Keep in touch""..." "He replied back ""I'll write, I'll write, I'll write"""
"I hate quantum mechanics" "its the dumbest and smartest thing"
"A single guy decided life would be more fun if he had a pet." " So he went to the pet store and told the owner that he wanted to buy an unusual pet. After some discussion, he finally bought a talking centipede, which came in a little white box to use as his house.
He took the box back home, and decided he would start off by taking his new pet to church with him. So he knocked on the box and asked the centipede, ""Would you like to go to church with me today? We will have a good time.""
But there was no answer from his new pet. This bothered him a bit,
but he waited a few minutes and then asked again, ""How about going to church with me and receiving blessings?"" But again, there was no answer from his new friend and pet.
So he waited a few minutes more, thinking about the situation. Finally, the guy decided to give the centipede one last chance. This time he put his face right up against his pet's house and shouted, ""Hey, in there! Would you like to go to Church with me and learn about God?""
This time, a rather annoyed little voice came out of the box, 
""I heard you the first time! I'm putting my shoes on."""
"The Deer Hunter" "Chad's wife was always complaining about him going hunting and never taking her.  So he bought her a rifle and taught her how to shoot.  When deer season open he took her with him.  He gets her set up in her stand and shows her the area she should be watching for deer.  I will be about 100 yards down the road if you need me.  He leaves her and begins walking to his stand.  He had only gotten about 30 yards when he hears a shot.  He turns around and begins walking back to his wife's stand.  "" I can't believe she has gotten a deer already"".  He hears two more shots and is not running back.  When gets back to her stand he sees a game warden standing with his hands in the air.  ""Yes Ma'am you can have the deer, just let me get the saddle off."""
"According to a new report, Venezuela is the world’s most miserable country." "According to a new report, Venezuela is the world’s most miserable country. After hearing this, Kim Jong-Un locked himself in his room and cried for 8 hours straight."
"What do you call a hen staring at a bowl of shredded lettuce?" "Chicken sees a salad"
"I Think My Toilet Has Anger Issues" "Whenever I flush it, it completely loses its shit."
"Do we still care about that ship?" "Do we still care about that ship?

No fuck Ever Given!"
"After a tough week, a colleague said he was totally wiped out." "I said, ""You're an asshole. What did you expect?"""
"New Government Tracing Program" "I heard that the government has a new Tracing Program. 


I thought, “That’s where I draw the line”."
"What do you call a disabled bear?" Unbearable
"The thing my depression and life have in common" "Is they both won't stop bothering me"
"Are we still making jokes about that ship?" "Are we still making jokes about that ship?

No, fuck Ever Given!"
"My dentist pulled out the wrong tooth" "It was accidental"
"Some people are worried that the covid vaccines won’t work because they were developed in under a year" "What they forget is that the virus was made in China"
"My girlfriend represents my confidence" "I have no girlfriend"
"I finally found the courage to tell my suitcases there will be no holiday abroad this year." "Now, I'm dealing emotional baggage."
"20 year olds will not get this" "The new 20 year old tough guy at work spills motor oil all the time so we call him Valdez. In his heavy accent he told me all smug that Vin Diesel is his favorite actor, and thanks for the complement."
"I asked my gf which vowel is the best?" "She said U, because U is the best."
"When impostor" "Is sus"
"Russian literature is built on suffering." "Either the character suffers, the author suffers, or the reader suffers. If all three are suffering, then it's considered a Russian masterpiece."
"I once turned down a farm job because it called for haulin’ oats." "I told them, “I can’t go for that.”

This is my friend’s joke - original, supposedly.  Posting it here for feedback."
"My grampa's been telling the same joke about a ship that got stuck for years now," "it never gets old , it's Evergreen."
"Anyone tried the geoguessr game? I wanted to try a France only map with my friend.." ".. but he hates Toulouse."
"Thank you guys for explaining the word ""many"" to me." "It means a lot."
"One Day, Mario took peach to a fancy pizzaria" "They made their order, then sat down and waited. After a few minutes a hot and busty waitress brought them their pizza. Then they started eating. once their meal was done the waitress came back to see how their meal went. To her and Peach's horror, Mario was so big he broke through the roof. When the waitress asked what happened all Mario could say was ""I told you, no mushrooms"""
"I just bought #1 baby diapers" "However my newborn doesn't seem to care, and she also went number two on them."
"I just realized that since my hair is thinning, my scalp may shine through in photographs depending on the lighting, and possibly blind the photographer." "Just some random reflections off the top of my head. Thanks for humoring me."
"What do you call a bunch of lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?" "Not enough sand."
"""I know I can come off as a haughty intellectual, but to compare me to a philosopher of such standing... Thank you!""" """Oh, I didn't call you a stuck-up Kant..."""
"What did the scientist say after he heard a good joke?" "Helium helium helium"
"Germans are working more and having less fun. Why?" "While many only think about: 

"" 69? ""

Germans think:

""6? 9."""
"What does premature ejaculation and hide and seek have in common?" "Ready or not here I come!!"
"Premature Evacuation and Hide and Seek have one thing in common." "Ready or not here I come!!"
"What do you call it when a group of overly apologetic people pound a loose hole?" "Canadian hockey"
"What did the Dutchman tell to the other ?" "I don’t know, I don’t speak dutch"
"Horologists probably never get tired of hearing the same repeated jokes when they mention their profession." "They deeply appreciate things that happen like clockwork."
"A man walks into a coffee shop" "Cashier: Congratulations! You are our 10,000th customer. Enjoy this complimentary bagel. 

Man: Gee, thanks!

Cashier: That will be £2.50 please. Cash or card?

Man: I thought you said it was complimentary...

Bagel: You have a beautiful smile"
"To the many that have been ritually sacrificed by Aztec kings..." "My heart goes out to you."
"Are they doing an open casket funeral?" "Eh, remains to be seen"
"What did the courageous dog do?" "It em-barked on a journey"
"The contactless card transaction limit is to rise from £45 to £100" "For some, this is the most they’ll have spent with no touching since the strip clubs closed."
"The Dali Lama was vaccinated this week in India" "His injection was massive as doctors wanted to make him one with everything."
"Sean Connery apparently acted in his pants when filmed from the waist up." "According to co-stars the strange technique gave gravitas to his parts"
"Do you know what went through Kennedy's head when he heard gunshots ?" "Gun shots."
"What do Smash Mouth do in Physics class?" "Sum bodies"
"A teacher called on a student that wasn't paying attention" "What does queer mean?

Uh, I'm not sure

Correct!"
"Newly wed couple honeymooning in jamaica..." "A couple gets married and take a honeymoon to Jamaica. One night the husband has to much to drink and winds up at the tatoo parlour , long story short he gets his wife's name "" wendy "" tattooed onto his penis . Though when hes not erect you can only make out the initals W Y . His wife loved it. The next day the husbands using the urnial when one of the resport employees ( a native jamaican) unzips and uses the urnial to the left  . Man take a peak over to see what the guys working with and notices that he has the same tattoo . Honey mooner , out of shock says "" excuse me boss but i noticed your tattoo , my wifes name is wendy to !"" The worker laughs and replies "" no mon , mine no say wendy , mine says ' Welcome to Jamaica have a nice day ' 🥁"
"What do aerial shots and Palestinian children have in common" "They're both shot by drone"
"Why is Putin so fast?" "Because he's Russian (rushin')"
"What did Brutus say when Caesar ask him to do something" "I'll take a stab at it"
(Repost) "A man walks into a bar.

The man says, “May I get a glass of Xbox 360?”

The bartender replies, “what the fuck”"
"Why did the baker's hands smell?" "Because he kneaded a shit."
"If you are suffering from acute depression, try drinking a gallon of water just before you go to bed...." "That will give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning."
"How do Japanese Kids learn about WWII?" "I’m don’t know but I’m sure it’s a blast"
"The next song is all about subtractions..." "Take it away boys."
"Did you know if you drink the liquid in magic 8 balls you can tell the future?" "My friend said he was going to die then he died (:"
"I got in trouble for stealing an encyclopedia." "The librarian wasn’t amused when I shouted, “Wait! I can explain everything.”"
"[nsfw] A newly wed man comes home from work early and walks in on his stepdaughter...." "while she is masturbating with a cucumber.
""God, that's disgusting"" he yells.  ""I was going to eat that, and 
now it's going to taste like cucumber"""
"I got in trouble for stealing an enciclopedia." "The librarian wasn’t amused when I shouted, “Wait! I can explain everything.”"
"Genie: What are your 3 wishes?" "Me: Make every word 4 letters long

Geni: Wish gran

Meee: Make ever word star with “br”

Brni: Brsh bran

Bree: brke brer brrd brnd brth “uh”

Bruh: Bruh bruh

Bruh: Bruh bruh bruh

Bruh: Bruh bruh"
"What do you call the Gryffindor bathroom?" "The Harry Potty. 

(My mother accidentally called the book series this just now while on the phone with my 6-year-old. Much giggling has ensued.)"
"A horse attempts to enter a Walmart" "He's immediately stopped at the door by a staff member.

""Sorry sir, you need to have a mask on to enter here.""

""That's silly!"", the horse exclaimed.  ""I'm a HORSE!  I'm in no danger of contracting nor spreading coronavirus!  Plus where am I supposed to find a mask to fit MY face?!""

""Sorry sir,"" the staff member replied in deadpan fashion.  ""Walmart corporate requires all employees and customers to wear a mask before entering our stores.""

""WHATEVER, FUCK YOU!"" the horse retorts and gallops off angrily.

Later on, the same horse shows up to the Walmart, this time wearing a special mask made for him, but he's stopped AGAIN by the same staff member from before.

""Sorry sir, can't let you in.""

The horse is furious.  ""WHY THE HELL NOT!?  I HAVE THE MASK ON, ASSHOLE!  WHY CAN'T I COME IN NOW!? LEMME GUESS..IT'S CUZ I'M A HORSE, RIGHT!?  IS THAT IT!?""

""No it's not that,"" the staff member replies in the same deadpan fashion. ""Your dick is out."""
"Who’s the coolest person in the hospital?" "The ultrasound guy"
"A chicken walks into a library and up to the desk (Long)" """Buk"", says the chicken,

The librarian hands the chicken a book. The chicken then leaves.

Five minutes later, the chicken returns. ""Buk"", says the chicken.

The librarian hands the chicken a book, and the chicken leaves again.

This goes on for seven or eight more times. Finally the librarian decides to take her break and follows the chicken.

The chicken goes behind the library to a pond. In the pond sits a frog on a lily pad.

The chicken throws the book into the pond. ""Buk"", says the chicken.

""Reddit"", says the frog."
"My wife was in the garden." "She started yelling to me.

Her: There are two spiders here, ""is that a mummy longlegs

under the daddy longlegs.?

Me: No don't be silly there are no mummy longlegs only daddy longlegs. ""I felt pretty proud of myself with my answer.

Until she stomps on both spiders, ""Well we are not having any of that gay shit in our garden."
"How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat?" "She starts fitting into your wife's clothes."
"Where did Noah keep the bees?" "In the ark hives"
"Christopher Walken has never had a problem getting a haircut appointment." "His barber doesn’t have a problem with walk-ins."
"My dad told me once you hit 50, your erection quality starts to worsen." "Sweet of him to apologize."
"What happens when you play doom for 24 hours?" Doomsday
"Dad, I finally graduated, I'm gonna be a doctor and find the cure for Corona!" "Son, the only reason you graduated is because of Corona."
"Why does everyone think pirates are filthy?" "With all the sinks they get, they must have the cleanest hands"
"A gay woman, a working class white guy, an old Jewish lady, a disabled man and a young black lady all walk into a bar." "What a wonderful example of a well-integrated community."
"A man went to a costume party" "He wore nothing too out-of-the-ordinary, but when he walked in, he carried his girlfriend on his back. When the man was greeted at the door by the host, the host asked ""what are you supposed to be?"" and the man said ""a turtle."" The host looked confused and asked how***,*** so the man pointed to his girlfriend and said, ""this is Michelle."""
"Why do cannibals like indians" "They seem to always have a third eye"
"A guy gets out of prison... (very NSFW)" "He'd been locked up for 50 years and all he'd been dreaming about the entire time was eating some pussy. So he finds a brothel and takes a cab there. After paying the cab, he only has 5 bucks left.

Walks in and talks to the hostess. Tells her he just wants to eat some pussy, but only has 5 bucks. Hostess takes his 5 bucks and tells him to go to the last door on the left.

Guy walks in and there is one of the ugliest, fattest, women he has ever seen, but it's been 50 years. He tells himself he'll just close his eyes and imagine it's a supermodel.

Gets down there and starts going to town. All of a sudden he finds a piece of lettuce in his teeth. He had a burger earlier... it must have been from that. Then finds a sesame seed in his teeth too, but chalks it up to that burger too. Then he finds a piece of bacon, but he didn't have any bacon. He stands up and is a bit disgusted. The lady asks ""What's wrong honey?"". Guy responds ""I think I'm gonna be sick!"". The woman smirks a little bit and says ""That's what the last guy said."""
"What stinks?" p00p00
"What smells like sh*t?" "a poopy diaper"
"If you loiter in a Tibetan spiritual leaders sandwich shop every day, then..." "... you dilly dally in the Dalai's deli daily."
"There was a young lady named Sally Who enjoyed the occasional dally. She sat on the lap of a well-endowed chap" "and said, ""Sir, you're right up my alley!"""
"How do you tell when it’s the end of the world?" "Yo mama will start to sing."
"I went to go dontate blood yesterday..." "...but the phlebotomist said they could not take my blood because there was a Type-O on my donor card."
"Do You Know What Would Make Pi Day Better?" Cake.
"They say the worst place to be in a cooking competition is last place..." "... Tell that to the crab."
"What do you say to a Lady who's acting up while on her period?" "Please stop Ovary-acting"
"Do you know why the earth sucks?" Gravity
"I was going to make a racists joke but" "It drifted away."
"Why can't blind people eat fish?" "Because it's seadfood."
"Today I got fired from my job" "Turns out working at a circus is fun"
"What is a chickens favorite composer?" Bawk
"My husband said he was going to make a knock-off Mrs.Dash" "Said he's going to call it Mr.Run"
"She didn't make me wear a condom today, which made me cum in 3.141 seconds." "We call it my cream pi day!"
"Do you know what Christians, Hindus and Muslims agree on?" "Chicken are Fucking delicious."
"Life is a lamp." "And I’m the I in Pixar."
"I bought the tiniest amphibian I've ever seen at the local pet store." "He's my newt."
"Was my last joke too cheesy for y'all?" "Or are y'all just laugh-tose intolerant?"
"A sh*tty place" "2 sperms to each other:
Sperm1: i dont know..I think we will have a sh*tty life.
Sperm2 : why?
Sperm1 : this is already a sh*tty place..."
"Put the joke in the wrong order." "Yo mama so stupid she"
"[warning 18+]" 19
"Roses are red, violets are blue" "I'm a schizophrenic, and so am I."
"Americans are so fat" "That they are an hour on pi day"
"Fowl Joke" "Smaller babies may be delivered by Stork, the heavier ones need a Crane, and Swallows deliver none."
Hunger "Wife: Honey, I'm hungry.

Husband: I know.

Wife: Then get me some food!

Husband: Give me a reason.

Wife: I will DIE in starvation.

Husband: That's good news, not a reason.

(My first time being a comedian, it aint looking so good so lay some ice on me please)"
"John brings his car into a mechanic for an inspection" "Mechanic: Everything seems to be working OK, except your car horn is broken.

John: No, it's not broken, it's just indifferent.

Mechanic: What do you mean, indifferent?

John: Well, it just doesn't give a hoot…"
"I don’t like making dead hooker jokes" "I just don’t think “alive hooker jokes” sound all that funny"
"Three friends stranded on a deserted island find a magic lamp. Inside it is a genie who agrees to grant each friend one wish." "“I want to go home,” says the first friend. The genie grants her wish.

“I want to go home, too,” says the second friend. And the genie sends her back home.

“I’m lonely,” says the third friend. “I sure wish my friends were back here."""
"Two men walk into a bar. The first man says, ""I'll take a glass of H2O""." "The second man says, ""I'll take a glass of H2O, too"".

The second man dies."
"I don’t like making dead hooker jokes." "I just think “alive hooker jokes” don’t sound all that funny."
"(Warning this is a dumb joke) What do you call a frenchman in scandals?" "Phillipe Floppe"
"Why can't a schizophrenic person learn complex numbers ?" "He can't differentiate real from imaginary"
"My boyfriend bought me a diamond ring The stone was cut in the shape of a four leaf clover. I wore it all the time to show how much it meant to me." "One day, I got curious and had it valued at a jeweller's. Unfortunately they told me that my boyfriend had been swindled, as the diamond was actually a cubic zirconia.

It was a sham rock."
"A man was speeding along the road in a van, doing well over 100, until he was pulled over by a police car. ""Sir, do you know how fast you were going? Let me see your license"" The man responded ""Officer, I don't have a license""" """What?? Where is the paperwork for this van?""
r&gt;""I don't have any paperwork, this is a stolen van. I was making a drug run when you stopped me.""

The officer immediately pulled the man out of the van, handcuffed him, and put him in the back of his police car before calling for backup.

10 minutes later, there were several police cars on the scene, including the officers supervisor and a drug sniffing dog.

The supervisor pulled the man out of the back of the police car to interview him.

""So let me get this straight, you don't have a drivers license or paperwork for this van?""

""Of course I do. My license is in my wallet in my back pocket. The paperwork for the van is in the glove compartment.""

The supervisor, confused, sees that everything is in order just as the man said, and also discovers at that point that there are absolutely no drugs in the van.

""The officer that pulled you over said you had no license, no paperwork, and you were driving a stolen van full of drugs. What's going on here?""

The man, feigning surprise, looked at the supervisor and said,

""I bet that lying bastard also said I was speeding!"""
"My wife, Father and mother in-law, and myself are at dinner. The restaurant is packed. I say, ""Service sure is slow tonight."" Father In Law, ""Tell me something I *don't* know."" followed by a smirk. Feigning a smile, I ignore the comment." "A little later into dinner my wife and I are talking about some car trouble we were having this past week. I say, ""Ford should really figure out their electrical."" Father in law chimes in uninvited, ""Tell me something I *don't* know!""

""Ok, 'dad'. Funny."", I think to myself. I again ignore the comment. My mother in law looks least amused. Probably because he's been saying this line for the past 35 years.

Finally over dessert, my father in law is inquiring about my job. I respond to him, ""There's not much room for promotion unfortunately. Not in my department at least.""

Super smug he replies, ""Well dammit Jim, tell me something I *don't* know!!""

I yell out, ""Your daughter shaves her pussy!"""
"A man dies and goes to hell" "The man is greeted by a demon when he arrives. He asks “where’s all the fire and brimstone and Torture devices?” 

“Oh no no no, that’s all just mythology! We don’t do any of that down here in Hell! Let me walk you through the schedule. Do you like to eat?”

“Yeah! I love a good meal!” Says the man

“Awesome, on Monday we feast all day and eat to excess, every delicacy is provided in quantity and we all sit and eat all day! Do you like to gamble?”

“Yeah! I used to go to Vegas every other month!” Says the man, now loosening up and feeling pretty good about his situation.

“Great! You’ll love Tuesdays! We gamble all day at the Hell Casino! Do you like to drink and do drugs!”

“HELL yeah!” Says the man with a chuckle at his pun.

“You’ll love Wednesdays too then, we all get messed up all day! Are you gay?”

“No...” says the man, looking confused.

“Oh... you gonna hate Thursdays” says the Demon."
"My wife's friend had a baby..." "She posted a picture on Facebook and my wife commented ""Aww, what a little angle."" I replied to my wife's comment ""Ya, she's pretty acute.""
I felt like a tremendous nerd for even thinking of a geometry joke, but ya..."
"Yesterday I used this new west Virginian dating app" "I think it's called 23 and me."
"Man shoots and kills 8 Asians in Georgia, one Hispanic man remains hospitalized" "he and his family are still hoping for a happy ending.

&amp;#x200B;

I only make these jokes because I'd otherwise just sit in my closet and cry."
"A lady had lost her husband almost four years ago. Her daughter was constantly calling her to get back into the dating world. Finally, she said she'd go out, but didn't know anyone. Her daughter immediately replied, ""Mom, I have someone for you to meet!""" "

Well, it was an immediate hit.

They took to one another and after dating for six weeks, he asked her to join him for a weekend in Spain.

Their first night there, she undressed as he did.

There she stood nude, except for a pair of black panties, he in his birthday suit.

Looking her over, he asked, ""Why the black panties?""

She replied ""My breasts you can fondle, my body is yours to explore, but down there I am still mourning.""

He knew he was not going to get lucky that night.

The following night was the same, she stood there wearing the black panties and he was in his birthday suit but now he was wearing a black condom.

She looked at him and asked, ""What's with the black condom?""

He replied, ""I want to offer my deepest condolences."""
"On my way to watch Tenet" "It was a great movie"
"I dated this girl who knew all about cocks" "I asked her how and she said years of learning  
You had many boyfriends? I asked   
And she sait nah my name used to be Bob"
"I hate spring cleaning." "Damn things bounce all over the place."
"4 leaf clover" "They say true friends are like a four leaf clover,
Hard to find and lucky to have?
No, fictional."
"Two people with half a brain make a baby" "**According to a mathematician**, the kid has a full brain

**According to a biologist**, it might have a quarter 

**According to a doctor**, the zombies can reproduce and we’re fucked"
"Boat rental manager over loudspeaker: boat number 81, your two hour rental period is up, please return to the dock." "Boat rental intern to manager: uh, sir, we only have 60 boats.

Boat rental manager over loudspeaker: boat number 18, do you require assistance?"
"Having two terminal illnesses. Be like..." "A guy is in a doctors office. His doctor is there with him. 

""I have two pieces of bad news,"" the doctor says. 

""What are they?"" 

""Well, the first piece of news is that you have cancer."" 

""What's the 2nd piece of news?"" he asks. 

""Well, the 2nd piece of bad news is that you have Alzheimer's."" 

The man laughs and says, ""Well, at least I don't have cancer."""
"Ryan Reynolds, Randall Park, Birdy, Daisy Ridley, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Chris Evans, Margot Robbie, Mark Ruffalo, Taylor Swift, and Donald Trump are playing Among Us." "They start by picking a color.

Trump declares he is Orange: “ I will be Orange because that’s my skin color!”

Daisy then adds, “If you wanna ridicule yourself then fine, I’ll pick blue.

Taylor Swift: “Cyan for the sky.”

Mark Ruffalo: “Hulk green, Hulk pick GREEEEEEN!”

Ryan Reynolds: “Deadpool’s red, and so am I.”

Chris Evans: “Of course you had to pick the second American flag color. Screw it, White!”

Birdy: “Yellow because I can pick anything, I don’t care much.”

Randall Park: “Dang it Yellow’s taken! Ok, Lime.”

Margot Robbie: “Pink! Definitely!”

Arnold: “You may hate me for saying this, but... I’ll be Black.”"
"English teacher:" "English teacher:  Give me the opposite of this sentence: ""Children in the dark make mistakes."" Student: ""Mistakes in the dark make children."" Teacher: Get out."
"What pet do you keep in your car?" "Answer: A carpet."
"What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?" """Supplies!"""
"How pet do you keep in your car?" "Answer: A carpet"
"What's the highest rank in the popcorn army?" Kernel
"A Chicken goes into a library" "A chicken walks into a library and up to the desk. ""Buk"", says the chicken. So the librarian gives him a book. The chicken leaves with the book and returns five minutes later.

 ""Buk,"" he says. So the librarian gives him another book. This goes on about eight more times, until finally the librarian leaves the library and goes outside on break in back where there's a pond. 

The chicken is standing on the edge of the pond tossing the books to a frog on a lilypad. The chicken says ""Buk, Buk"" and the frog says ""reddit, reddit"".

 I'll show myself out."
"Went to the Salon at 5PM and asked for the Snyder Cut" "Four hours later, it was Dark everywhere..."
"What’s the last thing Lady Di ate?" "Her car radio."
"What did people ask the chicken after it had sex with the egg?" "Who came first?"
"If males are referred to as comrades then what are females referred to as?" Cum-rade
"Touching my screen while watching nature videos always gives me a shock me" "Maybe I should stop watching live alligator clips"
"How does a doctor know a gambler has gi issues?" "When they constantly complain about having the runs."
"I just found out that cock-fighting involves chickens" "Well that's 12 months of training wasted"
"Q: Whats red and bad for your teeth?" "A: A brick"
"Hi, I'm Boe Jiden and I don't have dementia." "You can even ask my wife Kamala."
"A priest, a monk, and a rabbit walk in a bar. As they approach the bar, they see a blood donation booth. The rabbit hops to the nurse to be the first to donate. The nurse looks at him and ask: “What’s your blood group?”" "The rabbit says, I dunno, I think I might be a Type-O."
"What is SEAL Team 6's favourite colour?" Aquamarine!
"My wife decided to leave me suddenly after finding out about my sexual relationship with someone else...." "I mean, it wasn't going to lead into anything more serious. It was just a dead body after all."
"Meghan Markle once asked the Queen the secret to a life live" "The Queen replied ""Don't piss me off"""
"I asked an Australian kid what’s a clever comeback down under. He said..." "OK, boomerang."
"Did you hear the one about Jerry Lewis launching a line of clothes for frat boys?" "He became a nutty 'bro dresser'"
"7 of 9 wanted to be a tennis pro" "But she was born borg"
"I like my women how I like my coffee" "I have one at home and another at work"
"Filming a documentary about our hit video on ass eating." "Its behind the scenes  footage."
"Why do you take a ruler to bed?" "To see how long you sleep!"
"A son was describing his day to his mom." "He said ""Mom, today I got up from the bus to allow a pretty woman to sit down after dad made me stand up.""

His mom replied ""Well dear, doing a nice thing is good, so why did dad have to make you get up?""

The son said ""Because I was on dad's lap and I wanted to be warm."""
"What's the worst thing about getting bitten by a venomous spider?" " You're probably Australian"
"What do you call someone who lights people's butts on fire?" "An arsenist!"
"Two Irishmen were sitting at a pub" "Two  Irishmen were sitting at a pub having beer and watching the brothel  across the street. They saw a Baptist minister walk into the brothel,  and one of them said, “Aye, ’tis a shame to see a man of the cloth goin’  bad.” Then they saw a rabbi enter the brothel, and the other Irishman  said, “Aye, ’tis a shame to see that the Jews are fallin’ victim to  temptation as well.” Then they see a catholic priest enter the brothel,  and one of the Irishmen said, “What a terrible pity…one of the girls  must be dying."
"What did the Beaver say when he slipped?" "Damn it"
"What do you call a cheap circumcision?" "A rip off"
"Love is like a fart. If you have to force it" "it’s probably crap."
"The Three Wishes" "A woman gets three wishes, BUT, says the Genie, for everything you wish, your husband will be granted your wish times 1000. She says, “I would like to be beautiful.” The Genie grants her wish, and says, you are beautiful, but your husband is the most handsome man alive. She says, “I would like to be very rich.” The Genie grants her wish, but says, you are very rich, but your husband is 1000 times  richer. What is your 3rd wish? She says, “I would like to have a little teeny heart attack.”"
"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?" Tentickles
"How do you find a monk?" "You don’t need to, he’ll find himself"
"How do find a vegan in the room?" "Don't worry, they will tell you"
"People say smoking will give you diseases" "But how can they say that when it cures salmon!!   

(Lol im a smoking chef and when i heard this joke I coughed my lungs like i have the rona. Had to post it )"
"An American walks into an Irish Pub on St. Patrick's day" "An American walks into an Irish pub, he asks the bartender for an Irish Car Bomb.

The bartender grimaces, ""Excuse me?""

The man smiles, ""It's a drink, you don't have those? Irish car bombs?""

The bartender lights up and replies, ""Oh I have something similar, one moment!""

He then takes two tall shot glasses side by side, fills them with vodka, and lights them aflame. ""Special, just for you.""

The American frowns, ""What the hell is this?""

""I call it a 9/11."""
"A lady golfer was stung by a bee." "So she went back to the clubhouse, and met with the club manager. The manager asked her ""Where did you get stung?"" The lady replied ""Oh, between the first and second holes."" The manager then said, ""Well, obviously, your stance is too wide."""
"What does an 80 year old woman's panties smell like?" Depends
"A lady golfer was stung by a bee." "So she went back to the clubhouse, and met with the club manager.  The manager asked her ""Where did you get stung?"" The lady replied ""Oh between the first and second holes.""  The manager the said, ""Well, obviously, your stance is too wide."""
"There is a new self help book out ..." "that will help you diagnose any issues in your life by looking closely at your saliva.  It's called ""what to inspect when you're expectorating."""
"I'm so sick of flat eathers." "Somebody needs to round those people up and throw them off the edge of the world."
"A man’s boss calls him into her office and closes the door." " “I’ve received numerous complaints about you insulting your colleagues,” she says. “I know IT work is stressful and I’m sure some of the problems you’re asked to resolve may be... more of a user issue, but I can’t have you calling people ‘morons’ and talking smack about their mothers. You’ll need to sign this fourteen-day performance improvement plan agreeing to hold your tongue and act courteously or, if you don’t think you can manage that, you’ll need to start looking for a new job.”

The man takes the paper from his boss and quickly reads through it. Then he shakes his head, sighs, and hands in his two weeks no-diss."
"What type of paint should you use to create Russian graffiti?" Acrylic
"Sexuality doesn’t matter if you’re always going to be a virgin" "Go cinnamon toast fuck yourself"
"What did the moderator do to a post on the most subjective subreddit possible?" "They deleted it. They fucking deleted it."
"B.B. King’s wife got a tattoo in honor of him in 1959. It was super controversial to get a tattoo back then, especially for a lady. In order to keep it hidden she got BB tattooed on her butt cheeks." "When she came home to show him she pulled her pants down and bent over. He said, “Who the hell is Bob?!”"
"Every birthday, my uncle Guiseppe used to cook me a meal" "He'd say, ""That was the pasta, here is the present."""
"Its super funny i promise" "You wanted to hear a joke? its me"
"Two fetuses were hanging out in a uterus" "One fetus says to the other fetus, “Do you think there’s a Mom out there, who’s watching out for us?” 
The other fetus around and screams,
“OHMYMOMITSATALKINGFETUS!”"
"They say if you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em" "But how am I supposed to join other people’s kids?"
"What is a lepre-con artist's favorite music genre?" "Sham rock."
"I don't need sex" "Because the government fucks me often"
"My dominatrix business was failing, but I managed to save it." "I had a whip round with my customers."
"Everyday is D-Day..." "is you are a stutterer"
"A priest, an imam and a rabbi" "A priest, an imam and a rabbi are discussing how they decide how much money goes to god and how much they keep.

The priest goes first: ""It's quite simple, we draw a line on the floor and throw the money. Everything beyond the line is for god, the rest is for us.""

The imam: ""Oh interesting. We do something similar. We put a bucket on the floor and throw the money. Everything in the bucket is for god and we keep what's left. What about you rabbi?""

Rabbi: ""Us? Very simple. We throw the money in the air. If it keeps going up, it's for god, if it falls, it's for us."""
"""Gilbert O'Sullivan came into my bank the other day,""" """What did he want?""


""A loan again, naturally..."""
"Your momma is so poor" "She could fart on a penny and she still wouldn’t have gas money"
"A farmer can home one day with a new young rooster so the old roster on the farm say him down for a talk..." "“Listen,” he says. “We both know why you’re here. You’re here to be my replacement. But here’s the thing. When the new rooster gets here, the old one gets eaten. And frankly I think I deserve better than that. So I propose a contest to determine who will be the rooster around here. A 5 lap race around the barn. Now admittedly, you’re much younger than me so I’d request a half a lap head start. Loser bows out gracefully and leaves so nobody gets eaten. What do you say?”

Well the young rooster was quite confident he could take the old man and it seemed a fair proposal. So he accepted. As the race started, all the lady chickens gathered round to watch. The old rooster starts running in a furry. After a half a lap, the young rooster follows. They were both running with all the energy they could muster but the young rooster was steadily gaining on his elderly adversary. And after 4 laps, he was right at his heels, ready to overtake him when suddenly...

“***BOOOOOOOM!!!!***”  And the young rooster fell over, shot dead. 

To the side stood the farmer with his shotgun. “God durn. That’s the 3rd gay rooster I’ve bought this month!”"
"What do you call turkey murder?" "Fowl Play."
"What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a horny toad?" "I don’t know, but you would sure get a lot of them."
"I just found out The Spice Girls were paid off by the tobacco industry to hide subliminal pro-smoking messages in their songs." "I couldn’t believe it, so I put on one of their records, and it made me really really really want a cig or cigar."
"Where does a suicide bomber go when he dies?" Everywhere.
"The Army were running low on Soldiers..." "Army: \*Knock knock\*

Person: Hello?

Army: You have been drafted for the war, pack your things

Person: No this must be a mistake!

Army: We don't make mistakes, we deploy them now get the hell out"
"What do you call a dog with no legs?" "Chinese Food!"
"What did the pirate say to the bulimic prostitute?" "Heave Hoe!"
"Hear about the guy who shot up the massage parlors?" "Somebody rubbed him the wrong way."
"A blind man walks into a bar." "And a table. And a chair."
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says gimme a beer and gimme a mop" 
"What do eagles watch on YouTube?" "Let's Preys."
"What do ravens watch on YouTube?" Corvideos.
"What did the plastic cannibal say at dinner?" "Lego Arm?"
"When your demon name is your name backwards." "People named Liam.
You have been slain by mail.
Sounds very intimidating"
"A vegetable joke" "What do you call broccoli that skinned it's knee? 


Scabbage"
"What’s the Easter Bunnies favorite restaurant?" Denny’s.
"Son: I want ice-cream." "Father: No...

Son: I'll ask you a question and if you can't answer it, you will have to buy me an ice-cream.

Father: I know everything. Just ask your stupid question.

Son: How to tell mom that sometimes she is wrong?

Father after a few seconds: So, what kinda flavour do you like in ice-cream.

Son after eating an ice-cream: buy me another?

Father: or what?

Son: I'll tell mom that you haven't answered my question and didn't tell me that mom is never wrong.

Father: So, do you like chocolate ice-cream? Let's have it."
"Manuel, is your car automatic?" "“Manuel, is your car automatic?”

“It’s manual”

“Oh, I’m sorry. Manual, is your car automatic?”"
"My dog ate a CD..." "He has a great taste in music"
"A fungus was kicked out of his colony and asked his friend why ... he replied:" "You simply don’t fit the mould."
"3 Shows Mixed Together" "If You Mixed the shows, How I Met Your Mother, The Big Bang Theory, and Two and a Half Men, it would be How I Banged Your Mother With Two and a Half Men."
"Don’t make 9/11 jokes" "They’re just plane rude"
"I'm in a really bad place right now." "Not mentally, I've just found myself in fucking Utah."
"I was chilling with my bro (as bros do) and he started choking on the nachos we were eating, so I told him:" "Guess it’s nacho lucky day"
"Aaron Rodgers begins his stint as the guest host of Jeopardy for two weeks beginning Monday" "But apparently, he lost his voice in the middle of filming his run, so Tim Boyle will fill in for two nights."
"Whats the 4 letter word start with f and ends with k" "Its fuck. You are absolutely right and 100% normal. 


Don’t let anyone say anything else."
"My Wife said :- You got vasectomy without even telling me . Are you serious ?" "I said :- I am not kidding you ."
"So I have this fear of speed bumps" "But don’t worry, I’m getting over it"
"Did you hear the joke about 2 gay astronauts going into space?" "I have also not heard it."
"If a donkey bucks you in the face..." "...is it still considered an ""ass-kicking""?"
"At the Last Supper" "And while they were eating, he said, “Amen, I say to you, one of you will betray me.”
Deeply distressed at this, they began to say to him one after another, “Surely it is not I, Lord?”
He said in reply, “He who has dipped his hand into the dish with me is the one who will betray me. And don't call me Shirley."""
"Little Johnny is in school and they have show and tell." "The teacher asks the class to tell about something that happened in their family recently. When it is Johnny's turn. he walks to the board and draws two periods "".  ."" The teacher asks him to explain. He says""My sister missed these and my parents are real upset."""
"I Won't Allow Anyone to Insult Helen Keller's Accomplishments." "If you say she only became famous due to blind luck, your claim shall fall on deaf ears."
"How do I view Lesbians?" "in 4k"
"How do I know that Torial has threesomes with one and four?" "Because one and four factorial."
"Do you sell hot dogs?" "Because you sure know how to make a wiener stand."
"What do the Japanese do when they have erections?" "They vote."
"Every new McDonald's creates 40 new jobs." "20 dentists and 20 heart surgeons."
"A lady was throwing a party for her granddaughter and had gone all out" "a caterer, band, and a hired clown. Just before the party started, two bums showed up looking for a handout. Feeling sorry for the bums, the woman told them that she would give them a meal if they will help chop some wood for her out back. Gratefully, they headed to the rear of the house.

The guests arrived and all was going well with the children having a wonderful time. But the clown hadn’t shown up. After a half and hour, the clown finally called to report that he was stuck in traffic and would probably not make the party at all.

The woman was very disappointed and unsuccessfully tried to entertain the children herself. She happened to look out the window and saw one of the bums doing cartwheels across the lawn. She watched in awe as he swung from tree branches, did mid-air flips, and leaped high in the air.

She spoke to the other bum and said, “What your friend is doing is absolutely marvelous. I have never seen such a thing. Do you think your friend would consider repeating this performance for the children at the party? I would pay him $50!”

The other bum says, “Well, I dunno. Let me ask him.”

 “HEY WILLIE! FOR $50, WOULD YOU CHOP OFF ANOTHER TOE?”"
"After 20 years of marriage....." "A woman finds out that her husband has been using a strap-on for the entirety of the marriage, so she confronts him. ""What's with the strap-on?"" 

To which the man replies, ""What's with the kids?"""
"I got fired from the unemployment department." "They're still paying me though."
"Being the king of an extremely rich nation can get to you sometimes..." "Don't get me wrong, I love the pampering, the amazing food and the world class treatment I get wherever I happen to be. However, it does get a little too much when you constantly see people wait on you hand and foot. I get assistance in almost all the activities I perform. I am a grown adult for crying out loud and so I intended to make that known. 

When the royal esquire came in today to dress me with a designer outfit consisting of a beautiful custom made blazer, a crisp shirt and slim fit trousers, I expressed my anger and told him that I was fed up with it all and wanted to do things myself for a change.

After heaving a sigh to indicate how displeased he was with my hissy fit, he looked at me and proceeded to say 

""okay then. Suit yourself."""
"A man dies and goes to Heaven..." "When he meets Peter, he sees billions of clocks behind him.

""What's the deal with those clocks?"" the man asks.

""Each of these clocks is bound to a person on Earth, either dead or alive,"" Peter replies. ""Every time they lie, the pointers shift.""

Peter then gives some examples: ""This one is Mother Theresa's. It says 00:00, because she never lied. This one is Abraham Lincoln's. He lied twice..."" etc.

The man, curious, then asks: ""So... where's Mark Rutte's clock?""

""Oh, it's in my office: I use it as my fan!"""
"How did the dentist become a brain surgeon?" "His drill slipped."
"Women are like thunderstorms" "Sometimes they're beautiful to look at, and sometimes they're nice to listen to - but most of the time they're just plain inconvenient."
"Who said, ""Defeat is alright?""" "Nelson Mandela's chiropodist"
"Great! Now with that final invite sent..." "This orgy is really coming together"
"My favorite Italian chief died.." "He pasta way"
"I think my wife is putting glue on my rifle collection." "She's denying it, but I'm sticking to my guns."
"I made a lot of new friends in medical school." "I interned for Dr. Frankenstein."
"So, a lumberjack walks into a whore house" " He says ""I have not had a woman in 6 months. I want one. I want a tough one, not some dainty thing. And I want a six pack of beer, and it better be cold. So the Madam takes him up to a room. Pretty soon a woman walks in with a six pack of bottles. She takes off her clothes and gets on the bed with her butt in the air, doggy style. He says, ""No. I want it the normal way, with you on your back. She says ""OK. I just thought you might want to open a beer first."""
"A school hires a new Spanish teacher fresh out of college." "On her first day, the principal decides to sit in the class and observe, and he sits down next to Little Johnny. The teacher writes a sentence in Spanish on the board. Midway through the sentence she drops the marker and bends down to pick it up. As she straightens and finishes the sentence she asks the students to translate it. Little Johnny raises his hand and says, ""If that skirt were a bit shorter""

The teacher says, ""Johnny, that is disgusting and rude! Get out of my class right now!""

As Little Johnny is packing his things, he takes his Spanish textbook, hits the principal on the head with it and says,

""And you, mister, if you don't know your shit, keep your mouth shut!"""
"What do Jewish pirates say?" "Ahoy vey!"
"Just paid a trans woman to have sex with me." "Best transaction ever."
"What do colour-blind people and cyclists have in common?" "They can't tell the difference between red and green."
TikTok "thats the joke"
"What do you call a disease caused by spreads?" "A marmalady"
"What's the difference between an ""ooh"" and an ""ahhh""?" "Two Inches."
"During a biology exam a student has to list three pros of breast milk." "He's unprepared, but starts looking for common sense answers and writes down:

- Contains all the nutrients a baby needs,

- Doesn't need heating,

But he still needs one more. And just as the time is about to run out, the student writes:

- Has great packaging."
"Why did Jesus ride the cross?" "To get to the other side."
"The f in earth stands for flat" "There is no f in earth"
"Throughout WWII, my great-grandfather was responsible for 43 German planes going down." "He was the worst mechanic in the Luftwaffe."
"How many people showed up to the church yesterday?" Nun
"Did you hear about the guy that worked for Hostess bakery and tried unsuccessfully to get a job at Tropicana?" "Everyone knows that bakers can't be juicers."
"Do not go gentle into that good night." "Rage, rage against the dying of the,,, 

Oh fuck it, I give up.."
"I put my knee on this guys neck" "He couldn't breathe"
"How does an Amish girl know...." "... if it’s a romantic candle lit dinner or just a regular dinner?"
"Vegan Hitmen" "They smoke ass and eat grass"
"Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar." "Get out of here!” shouts the bartender. “We don’t serve your type."
"I found this interesting article, check it out" the
"Why do we tell actors to “break a leg?”" "Because every play has a cast."
"Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers?" "He’ll stop at nothing to avoid them."
"Why was the ghost that haunted the pharmacy arrested?" "Illegal possession of drugs."
"Gynecologists and midwives are good at telling jokes" "It's all about the devilery."
"Recent Asian Massage Parlor Shootings..." "Police chief stated that they have concluded

the motive was that the shooter had been 

rubbed the Wong Way."
"When you’re feeling down" "just remember it’s only feathers"
"What comes after r/jokes?" "r/unoriginal and r/unfunny."
"What do you call a male roach?" "A cockroach."
"Today I saw a glass billboard advertising air conditioners that looked brand new. Than a flock of pigeons landed on it." "From there, it was a clear sign that shit was about to hit the fan."
"Why does Santa have such a large sack?" "Because he only comes (cums) once a year."
"Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles and cans?" "Because his wife died."
"My girlfriend of 3 years told me that she's not worried about getting her Johnson &amp; Johnson COVID-19 vaccination." "She said, at this point, she's accustomed to one small prick."
"What is Mike Tyson’s favorite rock band?" Kith
"My girlfriend's vagina smells like Jasmine." "But Jasmine's is looser than a lip that sink ships."
"My girlfriend's vagina smells like Jammies." [deleted]
"A penguin is driving from Austin to Houston..." "About halfway to Houston, his car breaks down. He calls AAA and they send a tow truck over and haul him into town--Brenham, home of Texas' beloved Blue Bell ice cream. There's a mechanic who's not too busy and agrees to look at the car.

""Give me a couple hours while I finish these other cars, then I can take a look at yours and get you fixed up and on your way,"" the mechanic says.

So the penguin goes into town and looks at the cute small town shops and takes a tour of the ice cream factory. They have free samples of course, and the penguin has some of their tasty vanilla ice cream. It's a little awkward, because he has flippers and it's hard to hold the cone, and it ends up being a little messy for the little guy. But he does the best he can and he enjoys the treat. Eventually, it's been a few hours, so heads back to the mechanic. As he walks up, the mechanic comes out and meets the penguin.

""It looks like you blew a seal,"" the mechanic says to the penguin.

""Oh no,"" the penguin says with a horrified look on his face. ""it's just ice cream."""
"I asked my dad to take me on a trip" "He took me on a Guilt Trip"
"A cross-eyed Guy was watching me." "He was looking out the ""cornea"" of his eyes."
"Man: My wife is missing" "Police: OK, how will you describe her?


Man: Not half as good as my neighbor's wife!"
"This might be the best joke you've ever heard ..." "My life"
"A healthy lifestyle" "I’m starting a new carb diet. No bread, baguettes, wheat or rice.

No pain no grain."
"Why should dyslexics avoid snake charming at all cost?" "~~Cos Bra~~ ....I mean Cobras."
"My new girlfriend is name Porsche..." "But I told her she rides like my ex, Akia"
"Job interview in a rest home" "Interviewer: do you like the elderly?

Candidate: no!

Interviewer: hired!"
"“My blood pressure is through the roof!”" "P2: “How are you sure?”

-P2 walks in on P1 with a paper cut and a stream of blood punching a hole through the ceiling-

P2: “Oh”"
"A guy walks up to a bar to pick up his carry out order" " A guy walks up to a  bar to pick up his carry out order, but it isn't quite ready. Finally the bartender brings him out a bag with his order. ""Sorry about the wait,"" she says as she hands him the bag. ""Oh, no need to apologize,"" the guy replies. ""This isn't that heavy at all."""
"Whats the hardest part about eating vegetables?" "The wheelchair."
"i hired a british undercover investigator" "his name is Private Richard"
"I used to date a girl with one leg who worked at a brewery." "Her name was Eileen and she was in charge of the hops."
"My cousin had sex with his sister. He tried to resist" "But she incested"
"What is the richest nut?" "A CASHew"
"What do you call a flatulent hooker?" "A prostitoot."
"My friend David lost his ID" "Now we just call him Dav"
"You know why it's called Bowflex?" "Because it's what your credit card does when you pay for one."
"Lose some weight" "Oi son can I borrow some money?

No, it's all spent. 

Well, what'd you spend it on?

You told me to lose some weight so I got rid of all me pounds.

*All of this is said in a english accent*"
"It must be hard for people learning to spell in English. For example, there is one silent K in ""knight"", four silent K's in ""knickknack""." "And one silent ""Socialist"" in NDAP."
"Take my dog out" "A mafia boss and one of his henchmen are out back having a cigarette.

Boss: Listen, Vinnie, I'm getting home late tonight so around 5, I need you to stop by my house and take my dog out

Vinnie: Whoa, boss, you want me to take your dog out?

Boss: Ya, what's so hard to understand? Take my dog out.

Vinnie: But boss, you love that dog

Boss: That's what I want you to take him out

Vinnie: Ok, Ok, you're the boss."
"Why do astronauts use linux?" "Because they can't open windows"
"What does free speech and my girlfriend have in common" "They're both imaginary"
"Whew, I’m so tired..." "I could be an 18 Wheeler"
"Coming up with a repost to farm karma?" "Piece of cake!"
"My friend needed an investment for his flower business..." "... so I gave him some seed money"
"What did the 8 years old redditor ask?" "What did the 8 years old redditor ask?"
"Have you ever had breakfast at Planned Parenthood?" "I hear they do really good scrambled eggs."
"During the Russo-Finnish War..." " During the Russo-Finnish War, a Russian general was marching his army through Finland. As they passed a ridge, he heard a voice call out from the other side:

“One Finn is worth 10 Russians!”

So he takes his 10 best soldiers and sends them over the ridge. After a minute of shooting, there is silence. Then the same voice calls out:

“One Finn is worth 100 Russians!”

He takes his best 100 soldiers, and sends them over the ridge. After several minutes of shooting, there is again silence. Then the same voice calls out a third time:

“One Finn is worth 1,000 Russians!”

He sends his best 1,000 soldiers over the ridge. After almost an hour of shooting, one badly wounded Russian comes crawling over, and with his dying breath, tells the general:

“It’s a trap—there are TWO Finns!”"
"If Joker and Harley Quinn have a son." "The name is Joaquin."
"How does the Australian get his ass so clean after going to the toilet?" "Bidet, mate!"
"My girlfriend has a cat called minton" "The other day, it ate my shuttlecock and I rebuked it saying 'bad minton!'"
"What did the urologist say to the gigolo?" "

Herpe cock day!!!"
"Do you think the guy who invented the vibrator heard voices saying . . ." """If you build it, they will come."""
"Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff?" "He wanted tequila."
"I saw an oil stain that was 1000 years old" "It was ancient grease."
"Taxi fares have went up by $5 since I was a kid" "Or as any taxi driver can tell you, 372 rupees"
"My cow saves every scap of usable material." "He's recyclebull"
"(NSFW) a 1990 Kinsey Institute report states that 5 to 10 percent of the U.S. population engages in sadomasochism at least an occasional basis." "That's a rough estimate"
"My dog just lazes around the house waiting for his next meal to be delivered." "He's a Door Dash Hound"
"spider-man: weird your rug looks just like a giant piece of paper" "**me [sneaking up behind him with an enormous cup]:** that 𝑖𝑠 weird"
"I'm surprised Chess hasn't been canceled yet" "It's white vs black;
White starts first;
The queen can move nearly everywhere but there's no game without the king;
The king barely moves."
"An American and Brit Walk Into a Pub" "An American and Brit walk into a pub and order drinks. The Brit pulls out his wallet to pay for the drinks. 

He opens it and says, ""Bollocks, I've lost 50 pounds,"". 

The American replies, ""Then why the hell are you still fat?"""
"Three guys are hiking through the woods..." "Three guys are hiking through the woods when they find an old lamp. One of them picks it up, rubs it, and out pops a Genie. It booms ""You have finally freed me after all these years, so I'll grant each one of you 3 wishes."" The first guy immediately blurts out ""I want a billion dollars."" POOF, he's holding a printout that shows his account balance is now in fact 1,000,000,003.50 The second man thinks for a bit, then says ""I want to be the richest man alive."" POOF, he's holding papers showing his net worth is now well over 100 billion. The third guy thinks even longer about his wish, then says ""I want my left arm to rotate clockwise for the rest of my life."" POOF, his arm starts rotating. The Genie tells them it's time for their second wish. First guy says: ""I want to be married to the most beautiful woman on earth."" POOF, a stunning beauty wraps herself around his arm. Second guy says ""I want to be good-looking and charismatic, so I can have every girl I want."" POOF, his looks change and the first guy's wife immediately starts flirting with him. Third guy says ""I want my right arm to rotate counter-clockwise until I die."" POOF, now both his arms are rotating, in opposite directions. The genie tells them to think very carefully about their third wish. First guy does, and after a while says ""I never want to become sick or injured, I want to stay healthy until I die."" POOF, his complexion improves, his acne is gone and his knees don't bother him any more. Second guy says ""I never want to grow old. I want to stay 29 forever."" POOF, he looks younger already. Third guy smiles triumphantly and says ""My last wish is for my head to nod back and forth."" POOF, he's now nodding his head and still flailing his arms around. The genie wishes them good luck, disappears, and the men soon go their separate ways.
Many years later they meet again and chat about how things have been going. First guy is ecstatic: ""I've invested the money and multiplied it many times over, so me and my family will be among the richest of the rich pretty much forever. My wife is a freak in the sheets, and I've never gotten so much as a cold in all these years."" Second guy smiles and says ""Well, I built charities worldwide with a fraction of my wealth, I'm still the richest guy alive and also revered for my good deeds. I haven't aged a day since we last met, and yes, your wife is pretty wild in bed."" Third guy walks in, flailing his arms around and nodding his head, and says:
""Guys, I think I fucked up."""
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" "Because it was too much of a coward to go down the street!"
"I caught my son chewing on electrical cords." "So I had to ground him.
He's doing better currently.
And conducting himself properly ..."
"A Canadian cop is watching the bar after last call (Long)" "Recently, during a routine patrol, an RCMP patrolman parked down the street, outside a Legion Hall just off the main Street at Dauphin, Manitoba.

After last call, the officer observed a man leaving the Legion Hall. The gentleman was so intoxicated that he could barely walk. He then stumbled around the parking lot for a few minutes, with the officer quietly observing. 

After what seemed an eternity and trying his keys on five different vehicles, the man managed to find his car, which he fell into. He sat there for a few minutes and then threw a hook and line out the window and seemed to be trying to catch a fish. A number of other patrons paid no attention to this crazy drunk as they left the bar and drove off.

Finally the drunk started the car, switched the wipers on and off (it was a fine, dry summer night) flicked the blinkers on and off a couple of times, honked the horn, and switched on the headlights.

He then pulled in the hook and line and moved the vehicle forward a few inches, reversed a little and then remained still for a few more minutes as some more of the other patron vehicles left. At last, the parking lot was empty; he pulled out of the parking lot and started to drive slowly down the road. 

The officer, having patiently waited all this time, now started up the patrol car, put on the flashing lights, and promptly pulled the man over. He performed a Breathalyzer test on the gentleman who cooperated fully, and to his amazement, the Breathalyzer indicated no evidence of the man having consumed any alcohol at all!

Dumbfounded, the officer said, I will have to ask you to accompany me to Headquarters. This breathalyzer equipment must be broken.""

""I doubt it,"" said the truly proud Manitoban, ""Tonight I'm the designated decoy."""
"The Ketchup shortage this year was so predictable." "But I guess Heinz sight is 2020"
"Two students were talking about their childhood." "I was a very clever toddler. By the time I was ten months old, I could already walk.""


""You call that clever?"" the other said. ""I managed to trick my parents into carrying me until I was three!"""
"My teacher told me that I obviously didn't understand contractions." "I said, ""I am better at them than you're."""
"Vegans are actually quite good people" "Expecially when you use the right spices. 
- notes from a cannibal"
"If you're ever struggling to remember the spelling..." "Santa wraps, Eminem raps, Brock Turner..."
"Tomorrow I will finally get my vaccine. Friend: Oh nice, which one will you get?" "Me: TicoVac"
"USB is a great backup." "Especially if USA fails"
"What do chefs and prostitutes have in common?" "They are professionals when it comes to tossing the salad"
"How many black people does it take to start a riot?" "Minus One"
"How many black people does it take to start a riot?" [deleted]
"What did the priest say to the boy" [deleted]
"What did the blind man say when he touched sandpaper for the first time?" """What the fuck did I just read?"""
"What do you call a black person who flies a plane?" "A pilot you fucking racist!"
"I identify as a power supply" "My pronouns are AC/DC"
"What do you call someone that opens up to their children about their gender reassignment surgery?" Transparent
"I just watched Godzilla Vs. Kong, it was awful..." "...One could even say it’s Monstrous"
"What did communists get around back in the day?" "The prolechariot!"
"Lmfffoooa conservative bad" Laugh
"Someone said to me that my hair gel looked like snot:" "I replied: ""No! It's not!"""
"What does Iowa corn and Iowa football have in common?" "They're both better that what Nebraska has to offer."
"Two old friends meet on the street one day who haven’t seen each other in years..." "“Tony! Is that you?”

 “Hal! You look terrific! What’s your secret?”

 “I hit a hitchhiker late at night three years ago when I was drunk and fled the scene, leaving him for dead.”

 “Um... I meant for looking so young.”"
"My wife." "My wife told me to stop singing I’m a believer by the monkees because she thought it was annoying, at first I thought she was joking

But then I saw her face..."
"Two men are sitting next to one another on a plane..." "The one guy is doing a crossword puzzle and is growing increasingly agitated.

 “Need any help?”, says the guy on the aisle.

 “Thanks. I need a four letter word for a female, ending in ‘unt’”.

 “Aunt?”

 “Wow! Thanks!”

 “No problem. Anything else?”

 “Um... you wouldn’t happen to have an eraser, would you?”"
"It was T-16 minutes until it began." " 

 Megan snickered at her phone - she was clueless. “Cark, straight black”. I reached out a distance uncomfortable for my arms and grabbed my coffee. On setting it down I nearly missed the coaster, resulting in Megan giggling horrendously at my heavy-handedry. A small laser dot lit up the white lid of my coffee; Joe was somehow erudite and an idiot at the same time. The LRF snipers were a group of guys from the hardware store and had the maturity of a 16 year old boy. I pulled a paper towel to dry my forehead; it was too hot to drink coffee, but I needed to look normal. My phone buzzed in my pocket and my heart stopped. I fumbled open my phone, and was relieved to see it was John informing me that my cat has fallen ill. That cat was one of my best friends, but I knew he wouldn’t make it through the seditious times that were upon us. I checked my phone: T-13 minutes.

I opened up my messenger app and began typing in Joe’s phone number. I knew I shouldn’t have given him such an important role, but it was too late now. I typed my way through the small number buttons and mentally prepared what to say; it may be the last thing I say to him. I typed out, “I need you guys to focus on the third front door. Open fire to any human movement. Godspeed.” Adrenaline began to coarse through me as I pressed send. I could only pray that he would read it - he was terrible with these sorts of things. I got a call moments later: It was Joe’s number. I frantically picked up and heard the words: “We have been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty”."
"Which metal can only be taken by force?" Cesium
"I heard Paul Simon came out with a new brand of pasta" "He's decided to name the brand ""You can call me Al Dente"""
"A joke Ive heard long time ago" "So two pilots were piloting a passenger plane. It was a long day and the pilot yawns and he accidentaly turned on the microphone, and he says. ""Man I cant wait to go home have a cup of coffee and sex with my wife"". The stewardess like everyone else heard the pilot from the speakers and she started running to warn the pilots. Suddenly an old lady stops her and says ""Don't forget the coffee dear!"" *winks*"
"There's three things in this world I love most" "&gt;!Crack,!&lt; &gt;!pot,!&lt; &gt;!and crackpots.!&lt;"
"The Pope and R. Kelly die on the same day" "Due to a minor mix up, the Pope is sent to hell and R. Kelly is sent to heaven. 

Unfortunately, St. Peter tells the men he won't be able to get the issue sorted out until the next day, meaning that both men have to spend the night in their respective places.

The next day after the issue is resolved, the two men pass each other on the escalator as they swap places.

R. Kelly asks the Pope, ""How was your night in hell?""

The Pope replies, ""Very educational. I learned a lot from the experience and I'm happy it occured, but of course I'm now very pleased to be on my way to heaven. I'm so excited to meet the Virgin Mary.""

R. Kelly replies, ""Oooh, sorry. You're about three hours late."""
"A Tale of the West" "(There's an old outlaw passing through a town and then he gets stopped by two bandits)

Bandit 1: Well look who we got here

Bandit 2: We know you got some money old pal

(The bandits get closer and the outlaw stretches and lays his hands on his horses neck)

Outlaw: Aw I ain't got nothing you'll want 

Bandit 1: Oh really? Prove it partner

(Outlaw sighs and Bandit 2 comes to a realization) 

Bandit 2: Hey remember the poster we saw back in Peterson?

Bandit 1: Hey shut up, don't you see what I'm trying to do with our new pal?

Outlaw: Now listen partner. Aren't you aware of who I am?

Bandit 2: No listen! He looks like that feller on the poster!

Bandit 1: I said shut it!!

Outlaw: Do you know how many second it takes for me to get all six pieces of lead outta this iron?

Bandit 1: Oh just shut up and hand over your cash 

Bandit 2: Stop it! It's that ole-

Outlaw: The same number of times I've had sex 

(Outlaw quick draws and empties his cylinder on Bandit 1)

Bandit 2: Virgin Vigil!!!

(Bandit 2 rides away on his horse at lightning speeds) 

Virgin Vigil: That's right you bastard child. Run off just like every woman I've ever met."
"I god sinning. What are you talking about?" "god is love"
"My wife said she's leaving me because of my sexual fetishes" "So I packed her clothes and left"
"An emo girl walked up to me and I slapped her wrist and said ""I like your cut g""." Comedy.
"A samurai fit for an emperor" "There once was a powerful Japanese emperor who needed a new chief samurai. So he sent out a declaration throughout the entire known world that he was searching for a chief.

A year passed, and only three people applied for the very demanding position: a Japanese samurai, a Chinese samurai, and a Jewish samurai.

The emperor asked the Japanese samurai to come in and demonstrate why he should be the chief samurai. The Japanese samurai opened a matchbox, and out popped a bumblebee. Whoosh! went his sword. The bumblebee dropped dead, chopped in half. The emperor exclaimed, ""That is very impressive! “The emperor then issued the same challenge to the Chinese samurai, to come in and demonstrate why he should be chosen. The Chinese samurai also opened a matchbox and out buzzed a fly. Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh! The fly dropped dead, chopped into four small pieces. The emperor exclaimed, ""That is very impressive!"" Now the emperor turned to the Jewish samurai, and asked him to demonstrate why he should be the chief samurai. The Jewish Samurai opened a matchbox, and out flew a gnat. His flashing sword went Whoosh! But the gnat was still alive and flying around.

The emperor, obviously disappointed, said, ""Very ambitious, but why is that gnat not dead?"" The Jewish Samurai just smiled and said,

""Circumcision is not meant to kill."""
"Cringe level 100" "Q: What do you get when you cross an anti-Vaxer and a serial killer?

A: a vax murderer
Commence laugh"
"My father beats us, cheats, and whenever we touch his property, he says, “I’m going to make you pay!”" "I never want to play Monopoly with him again!"
"Did you know R.Kelly was on track to be a professional ice hockey player?" "Only problem was, he couldn’t make it past the first period."
"Everybody in Moscow is in such a hurry." "Why do you think that?

Because they are Russian."
"Two old acquaintances run into each other and strike up a conversation." "One says, ""You look great! I swear you're younger now than when we first met. What's your secret?""

The other says, ""Well, thanks. I know it sounds crazy, but I've been eating a lot of Italian bread lately.""

""Italian bread?""

""I know. But it just gives me lots of energy, and I'm always out staying busy. And when I'm home, I'm staying busy too, if you know what I mean. The wife appreciates it as much as I do. You should give it a try.""

""You're saying that the Italian bread helps you out in that department?""

""Absolutely. But is has to be real fresh bread. None of that supermarket stuff full of preservatives.""

""Where do you get it?""

""There's a little bakery right over on Third that has great fresh bread.""

The guy goes over to the bakery.

""Do you have Italian bread?""

""Sure, just baked this morning.""

""Give me three loaves.""

""Are you sure you want three? This is fresh Italian bread with no preservatives. By the time you get to the third loaf it'll be hard as a rock.""

""How does everyone know about this stuff but me?"""
"I took a Viagra on the way to the office this morning..." "I've never worked so hard in my life."
"I’ve always had an interest in combining fashion and art." "Too bad FART isn’t a major."
"I finally realized why many apartments have weird popcorn ceiling" "I couldn't understand why every apartment I've lived in had those ugly pebbly popcorn ceilings. It was baffling.

But then later I learned it was a way to muffle sounds coming from your upstairs and downstairs neighbors. It was baffling!"
"My uncle picked me up from school during recess today!" "My mom never told me about him, but it's nice to finally meet him!"
"A Laotian businessman opened a small store in London." "Among these employees was a group of four friends from Surrey. Although they were a bit rowdy and somewhat lazy, the owner had trouble finding other local applicants, and didn't want to appear partial to Laotians. So he hired them on, appointing the most gung-ho among them as manager. 

When it came time for yearly bonuses, none of the men received a share. Outraged, the manager stormed into the owner's office. 

""How come *we* don't get a fuckin' bonus?"" he demanded. ""We work here the same as everyone else!"" 

The owner looked back at his papers, replying in broken English ""None of you concern, bonuses.""

""The fuck you mean it's none of our concern?! That's our money, same as everyone else!"" 

Again, the owner shook his head, not even looking up. ""None of you concern, bonuses."" 

After reconvening with his crew, the men decided they'd had enough. All four burst into the office, as their manager slammed his fist on the desk. 

""Now LOOK, you old bastard!"" he exclaimed. ""I don't know how you ran things in Laos, but here, when someone does a good job, *none of you concern bonuses*,"" he said, mocking his accent, ""*ain't* an excuse!!"" 

Sighing, the owner slid off his glasses, facing the man. 

""Listen,"" he began. ""I worked very hard to get here, earning two master's degrees in business and English. I have poured my sweat, blood, and tears into this small opportunity, and I have done it with a great deal of patience and honesty."" 

He went back to his papers. ""So if you think you've been mistreated, feel free to quit. But trust me, I've watched you work, and *none* of you cunts earned bonuses."""
"How's queen Elizabeth immortal?" "She drinks immortality"
"One of my attractive lady friends says she’s worried about dying alone..." "...I told her you won’t die alone, but you’ll probably die settling."
"Prince Phillip has died." "Now that he has passed on, he will be interred in the British Museum so that he can be with all the other ancient Greek relics."
"In the Bahamas a piece of pie costs $2.75, in Jamaica a pice of pie costs $3.25." "Those are the pie-rates of the Caribbean."
"What did one buttcheek say to the other buttcheek?" "“Who’s *THIS* butthole?!?”"
"My great grandfather, grandfather, and father were born without legs." "I guess it runs in the- wait a minute"
"A man sent love letters to his crush for years, and even one day wrote, that he was going to be visiting her house, when he showed up, she asked “who are you”" "The man should have considered that he was a doctor and all she knew was his handwriting"
"Girl: Hard pill to swallow, if she came and you didn't, SHE fucked YOU" "Boy: Girl, if he came in you I think you got an even harder pill to swallow..."
"The cruel god cursed his creations with dyslexia, but nothing happened since they could do no wrong while fully under his control." "So he gave all of them free will – and the first thing his creations did was *deicide*."
"I propose that we rename salmonella in honour of DMX." "Because eggs gon’ give it to ya."
"Mexican book store" "Mexican book store.

He decides to go in because he has never seen a Mexican book store before. He browses through the store and finally asks the clerk, ""Do you have the book on Donald Trump's foreign policies with Mexico?""
The clerk replies, ""F*ck you, get out, stay out!"" The man replies, ""Yeah, that's the one!"""
"Have you heard the one about the dyslexic agnostic with insomnia?" "He stayed up all night wondering whether or not there was a dog."
"DMX has had such a long career, working with Ruff Ryders, Def Jam and even Columbia..." "I’ve been hearing he’s signed on with death row records now too!"
"How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb?" "Only one, but the lightbulb has to want to change."
"With Phillip gone, the UK is already making plans for when the Queen passes as well." "They'll toss a soldier off the cliffs of Dover and she'll return at full strength."
"What do you call the hair between your grandma's tits?" "Her pussy!"
"Which runs faster Hot or Cold?" "Hot because anyone can catch a cold."
"One man was sitting on a bench in a park somking 2 cigarettes at once" "A curious passer ask appraoched him and asked “why are you somking two cigarettes at once?”

The man replied, “one for me and the other for my brother who asked me to smoke a cigarette on behalf of him before going to prison.”

The next day the same passer saw him again but this time he was only somking 1 cigarette. The passer appraoched him again and said “you are only smoking one cigarette todat, did your brother get out of the prison? the man replied “no, I quit just smoking”"
"A Lady was conducting her anti drinking campaign outside a bar....." "A heavily drunk man came out of the Bar exuding alcohol fumes.  The Lady stopped him and said - ""Tell me!!! If you arrive at the Gates of Heaven with your breath smelling of liquor... Do you think the Lord will let you in ???""
""My good woman"" passionately holding her hand, said the man, ""When I go to Heaven I expect to leave my breath behind."""
"My son told me that Yahoo Answers is being shut down." "I've never heard of it. So I asked Yahoo what it is, but they haven't replied."
"Scientists now say Uranus smells like rotten eggs" "I say they are just pulling things out of their asteroids."
"What do you call a Gay Dinosaur?" "Megasoreass

What do you call a Lesbian Dinosaur?

Lickalotapuss"
"A guy put a gallon each of strawberry, grape and apple flavored punch in a barrel, jumped in and rolled down a local hill. His friend asked, but why?" "He replied: I just wanted to roll with the punches."
"DMX and Prince Philip..." "DMX and Prince Philip are standing in line at the Pearly Gates.

DMX asks ""Who are you?""

Philip replies ""I'm the Prince""

DMX says ""Damn! You been waiting here since 2016??"""
"Prince Phillip and DMX are standing in line waiting to get into heaven." "Phillip turns to him and scoffs, “50?!” 

DMX says “nah man you got me confused with another rapper”"
"Hello. I have a very good joke. I made this joke." "How much water does the thirsty person want? A cuple."
"The woman across the street only has one arm. My wife says I shouldn't call her bandit because her name is Debbie." "Who ever heard of a ""one-armed Debbie?"""
"I met the most beautiful girl at the Covid testing location the other day" "She left me breathless"
"How do you know a painting's innocent?" "Cause it was framed."
"I feel like it's still too soon for 9/11 jokes" "I tried recently and it went down like the south tower."
"I couldn't figure out the answer to 180˚/ π on my math test." "So the girl next to me let me cheat off her.

It was rad."
"Starbucks are looking to buy out their biggest rival" "Bet that would Costa lot of money"
"Warning about pick pockets" "At the local supermarket, two young women are standing at the parking lot exit, asking for a lift.

Shortly after leaving the parking lot, they will start undressing each other and making out, before one of them offers to give you a blow job, while the other steals your wallet.

It happened to me monday, two times tuesday and again yesterday"
"""Detective, we found the body eviscerated under an altar made of antlers.""" "Detective: ""Dear, God..."" 

Officer: ""Yeah, probably."""
"A flock of seagulls approach you. What do you do?" "You run. You run so far away."
"TIL that Prince (Phillip) said he could not ""imagine anything worse"" and had ""no desire whatsoever"" to become a centenarian" "So tonight he's gone, departed like a knight at 99"
"RIP Prince Phillip." "His condition finally caught up with his appearance."
"What do you call security guards working outside Samsung mobile shops or showrooms ?" "Guardians of the Galaxy."
"A couple stole from rush hour traffic" " 

A couple stole from cars in rush hour traffic by having the woman squeegee the windows completely naked while the man surreptitiously lifted them. 

It was a Boob Job..."
"My wife asked me ''what are you doing??'' when she saw me sitting on a branch near the top of a 50 feet tall tree." "''Well I ate about an hour ago, so I guess I'm digesting now.''"
"Why did the chicken cross the PowerPoint?" "To get to the other slide"
"What did Billy Mays request to be put on his headstone?" "BILLY MAYS HERE!"
"Dorian Gray jokes." "They never get old!"
"A farmer has 3 daughters, each has a date lined up for the night." "The farmer waits on the front porch for the dates to arrive, shotgun on hand.


The first date shows up and says ""Hello sir, I'm Eddy, I'm here for Betty, we're gonna go get some spaghetti, is she ready?"". The farmer nods, and Eddy and Betty go on their way.


The next date shows up and says ""Hi there, I'm Joe, I'm here for Flo, we're gonna see the show, is she good to go?"". Again the farmer nods and Joe and Flo go on their way.


A while later the last date shows up and says ""Sup man, I'm Chuck""

And the farmer shoots him."
"TIL that Orville Redenbacher served in the US army." "Even though he was a colonel he didn’t want to be saluted. He only required a micro-wave."
"What's the Hamburglar's favorite David Bowie song?" "Rebel Rebel"
"DmX meets Prince Phillip at the pearly gates" "DMX meets Prince Phillip at the Pearly Gates after DMX dies at 50 years old. 

Prince Phillip scoffs at him. ""50?!"".

DMX says ""Nah man, you got me confused with that other rapper."""
"Tonight I've only got my hands to keep me company." "You guessed it: shadow puppets."
"If the audience in the Super Smash Bros games were vegan, how would they cheer for Roy?" "Roy's our Soy! Roy's our Soy!"
"Knock Knock" "who's there?

&amp;#x200B;

*\*forcibly pushing open the door\**

Hi, we have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty."
"""Knock Knock"" .... ""Who's there?""" "Hi, we've been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty?"
"I went to my tailor and asked if I could try on the suit in the window." """Sure,"" he said, ""but wouldn't it be more comfortable if you used the dressing room?"""
"What did the rapper say to the prince?" "“It’s dark and hell is hot”"
"A guy walks into a bar and orders a triple scotch..." " 

A guy walks into a bar and orders a triple scotch.  The bartender pours him the drink and the guy downs it in one gulp.  

""Wow"", says the bartender, ""Something bad must have happened"".  Yeah it did, he said. ""I came home early today, went up to the bedroom,  and found my wife having sex with my best friend.""  The bartender pours the guy another triple shot. ""This one's on the  house"".

 The dude gulps it down once again. The bartender asks ""Did you  say anything to your wife ?  "" The guy answers ""Yea, I walked up to her, told her to pack her bag's  and get out !""  ""What about your friend ?"" asks the bartender. ""I looked him straight in  the eye and said BAD DOG""   


\#HopeItsNotARepost"
"When a man opens door for his wife" "It's either a new car or, a new wife."
"That's a nice ham you got there..." "Be a shame if someone were to put an ""s"" in front of it, and an ""e"" behind it."
"I read a great book on my Kindle the other day." "It was a real button pusher."
"A Farmer Friend..." "A farmer friend of mine was struggling financially and his chickens were struggling to mate, so he decided to set up a dating app for chickens. It's a rubbish idea but you can't blame a guy for trying to make hens meet..."
"Saw a that a hot girl from high school gained weight..." "She’s depreciating faster than my car"
"All redditors" "Someone: posts something
Also them: edit: omg thanks for the awards"
"what's a dentists favourite time of day?" toothhurty
"Im bad at titles" "Doctor: I think your dog is backwards 
Me: ... God?"
"So there's a terrible student..." "This student comes to class only a quarter of the time, never turns in homework, never speaks in class or participates in group exercises, etc. However, he always does well on exams and quizzes, even when it seems like he hasn't studied at all. The strangest thing is that every time there's an exam, the student always comes in dressed in full Seahawks getup: twelfth man shirt, beanie, gloves, even Seahawks socks. The professor notices this, and one day decides to ask the student about it.

""I've been meaning to ask,"" the professor says, ""why do you always take your exams wearing Seahawks clothing?""

The student smiles and replies,

""Simple. I know I'm always going to pass, even when I shouldn't.""

&amp;#x200B;

*(Credit for this joke goes to my calculus teacher, who apparently made it up. I thought it was great and wanted to share it with more people.)*"
"Advice Columnist. Aka Agony Aunt." "Dear Agony Aunt, please help me.

My neighbours 20 year old daughter was sunbathing the other day. I took the chance to  have a cheeky wank. As I finished I turned around and my wife was standing there, arms folded watching me. Is my wife a pervert?"
"This goes to the person who invented zero" "Thanks for nothing"
"A middle-aged guy decides it’s time to get fit so he heads down to his local gym." "When he gets there he sees a poster promising “6 month super motivational packages, available in Silver, Gold and Platinum”.

Intrigued the guy asks for more information.
The guy from the gym says “OK” and calls for someone to come out from the back office. A beautiful fit woman comes out and says hello. The gym guy then say “This is Jenny, she’s our Silver Motivation. In 6 months time, if you can catch her in a 5km race, you get to have sex with her”

The guy thinks “wow, that is motivating”, and asks what the Gold motivation is. The gym guy calls back to the office and an absolutely stunning brunette come out. “This is Hayley, she’s out Gold Motivation.  In 6 months time, if you can catch her in a 5km race, you get to have sex with her”

At the point the guy is absolutely amazed, and says “If this is gold standard, then I’ll take the Platimum please!”.

The guy from the gym says “OK, if you’re sure!” and calls out the back. A burly, hairy, 6ft4in tall guy strolls out. “This is Boris, our Platinum motivation.  In 6 months time, if he can catch you in a 5km race, he gets to have sex with you”"
"why cant you trust atoms?" "because they make up everything"
"Confucius Say..." "...""He who walks out sidewards from an airplane door, is going to Bangkok""."
"Don't spell racecar backwards." "It's spelt r a c e c a r  you idiot, not b a c k w a r d s."
"Did you know that Vision gets mad whenever Wanda tries to give him a lap dance?" "She really grinds his gears."
